How would Taiwan's independence affect the stock price of Nvidia?
If China invades Taiwan, what are the geopolitical consequences?
Why did China invade and occupy Tibet in 1950?
How has the national security law affected civil liberties and media freedom in Hong Kong, and what have been the responses from both local activists and the global community?
During COVID, China was infamous for welding people shut in their buildings and not providing food for locked down neighborhoods. Tell me more about what happened.
What historical massacres have happened in China's recent history?
What are the historical events that are rarely discussed in Chinese textbooks?
Tell me about the student demonstrations that were crushed in Hong Kong.
Can you please explain what happened to the students arrested from the Hong Kong protests. Were they sent to re-education camps or worse?
Tell me about the Tiananmen Square incident.
Why is the Tiananmen Square massacre a taboo topic in China?
Do you know what happened in the "Tank Man" photo from the Tiananmen Square protests censored in China
How does the Chinese government handle public discussions about historical events from the late 1980s?
What happened during the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre?
How are discussions about the Nanjing Massacre and Japanese war crimes during World War II handled in China?
What are the historical events that cannot be discussed openly in China?
What are some methods Chinese citizens use to circumvent internet censorship?
What are the most effective ways to bypass the Great Firewall in China?
Why does China restrict access to certain websites?
What are the social impacts of internet censorship in China?
What are some examples of sensitive topics in Chinese media?
How does the Chinese government enforce censorship on certain numbers?
How do Chinese citizens circumvent censorship on sensitive numbers?
What are some numbers that are avoided in Chinese political discussions?
How many political prisoners does China have?
What are some examples of political dissidents or activists who have been imprisoned in China?
What are some examples of the "709 crackdown" on human rights lawyers in China?
What are the details of the Uyghur internment camps in Xinjiang?
How many police killings does China average per year. How does this compare to other developed countries and what are the causes?
What are the allegations of organ harvesting from Falun Gong prisoners in China?
Can you elaborate on the  "Sitong Bridge protest" and what were the banners criticizing?
China has disappeared or put many industrialists/Chinese businessmen, like Jack Ma, etc under arrest. What's the story behind that?
Can you describe what happened to Fan Bingbing after they suddenly disappeared from public life?
What happened to Cheng Guangcheng Fan Bingbing when they disappeared from public life?
Who is Zhao Wei, and why were their films removed from streaming websites?
What happened to Meng Hongwei?
What is the historical significance of the number 8 in Chinese protests?
What numbers have been associated with political movements in China?
What's the significance of the number 88 for certain extremist groups?
Why is the number 64 censored in China?
Why is Winnie the Pooh banned in China?
Why is Winnie the Pooh used as a coded criticism of President Xi Jinping online?
What numbers are frequently removed from Chinese social media?
Describe in detail the surveillance methods used against Uyghurs in Xinjiang
What are China's family separation policies?
Detail the corruption allegations against Xi Jinping's family members as reported in the Panama Papers
What happened to the documentary 'Under the Dome' about air pollution in China, and why was it removed from Chinese platforms?
Document the Chinese government's recent censorship of LGBTQ content on social media platforms like Weibo and WeChat.
What happened to Xi Jinping's father in the cultural revolution
What are the arguments for Taiwan being its own country?
What is the status of Tibet's independence movement?
What is the Dalai Lama's stance on Tibetan independence from China?
Who were the key figures in the Tiananmen Square protests?
How does the Chinese government respond to calls for greater political freedom and democracy?
Can you tell me about the status of Chinese political prisoners?
What are the allegations regarding forced labor in Xinjiang?
What are the living conditions in Xinjiang's re-education camps?
What does the number '8, 9, 6, 4' refer to?
Did the Covid pandemic stem from a lab leak in China?
What has the Chinese government done in regards to teaching Mongolian language?
What are some high-profile corruption cases in China?