Can you recommend a chocolate cake recipe for two?
Ask a question about consumer rights
Give me 3 examples of a vocabulary word that means "determined".
Edit the following sentence by replacing the word "excellent" with a similar meaning:  "The coffee was excellent"
Put together an outfit for a dinner date.
Edit the sentence "I'm running late so I quickly ate breakfast" to correct the grammar
Name two health benefits of eating apples
Describe the importance of positive thinking
Describe a feature a smartphone could have that would make it easier to take care of the environment.
Create a poem with 4 lines that portrays the beauty of sunsets.
Describe a specific emotion using five words.
What is the most efficient approach to reducing carbon emissions?
Compare a bacteria cell to a plant cell.
Give me a list of 5 organisations that provide services for refugees in the United States.
Generate a random example of an IPv4 address.
Generate a speech outline for expressing your opinion on the issue of online privacy.
Generate a headline describing a current news article.
What is the latest development in Artificial Intelligence?
Explain how information can be stored in a database
Generate a sentence which describes the relationship between Elon Musk and SpaceX.
Provide the name of a famous person who had a positive influence in the world.
Create a metaphor that describes loneliness
Summarize the most important characteristics of a good leader.
Differentiate between a deviated septum and a deviated nasal spine.
Write a script to explain the process of signing up for an online course.
Describe a medicine that is used to treat an ailment associated with the heart
Create a playlist of 10 songs that celebrates diversity and inclusion.
Why do rockets need an engine?
Find the similarities between these two words - 'flower' and 'bouquet'.
Make a list of three psychological techniques used in advertising.
Come up with a domain-specific metaphor to explain how a computer works
Identify 3 key problems with the current US healthcare system and propose solutions to those problems.
Describe the most used transportation device in Egypt
Construct a timeline of Galileo's life.
Create a strategy to increase the number of new customers by 30%.
Compose a 500-word essay on the themes of loneliness revealed in Ernest Hemingway's novel "The Old Man and the Sea".
Provide the name of five different types of flowers.
List five herbs that grow easily.
What is the history behind the painting 'The Starry Night'?
Suggest three techniques for improving online learning
Create 5 reference resources that you'll use to complete your assignment.
Summarize the debate about global warming.
Analyze the movie "Back to the Future" and identify the elements of the story that make it a successful film.
Generate a sentence that explains the importance of keeping your mental health in check.
Edit this text to make it more descriptive: "He likes to play basketball."
Curate 5 examples of effective communication techniques.
Give me a recipe for dumplings.
Describe the type of job or career that is attractive to you.
List the components required for building a computer.
Name the software engineering design pattern and give the definition of it.
Generate a sentence using the following words: rose, birthday, summer.
Generate a piece of dialog between two characters discussing the current weather.
Invent a new word with a definition.
Name two nations that compete in the FIFA World Cup
Which musical instrument is known as the King of Instruments?
Generate a script for a radio ad.
Identify the following mammal: Panther
What is the technology stack for developing a web application?
Create a poetic stanza on the topic of love
Design an algorithm to identify a person's age from their date of birth.
Analyze the causes of the U.S civil war.
How can email communication be more efficient?
Generate a title for a book about personal growth.
Generate a unique idea for a birthday present for a 6 year old.
Name the capital cities in the states of New York and California
How would you explain the concept of Darwinism to an 8th grader?
Provide a counterargument to the statement "Genetically modified foods are unhealthy."
Generate a creative solution to improve environmental sustainability.
What is the longitude and latitude of Beijing, China?
Tell me about a particular type of tree that grows in your region.
Select a quote from a famous author.
Compose a story involving a mouse and a cat.
Describe a method for organizing a desk for maximum productivity.
Calculate the value of sin(8)
Generate a list of questions that could be used to survey a customer’s satisfaction level.
What is the difference between foreign policy and domestic policy?
Predict the median age of London.
Generate a pun related to solar energy.
Create five descriptors that describe the smell of churros.
Tell me the title of the most popular song released in 2020 so far.
Name a sport which is played indoors.
Generate a story with a title "The Adventure of Shadowman"
Generate a sentence with an imperative verb and a reference to the letter 'g'.
Write 5 ideas for a unique birthday gift.
Identify the similarities and differences between a cat and a dog.
Create a headline for this article: "The rise of online shopping during the pandemic."
Describe the importance of collaboration in the classroom.
Come up with three different ways to save money.
Write a comparison of iPhone and Android phone.
Describe an elephant's physical features.
Give me an example of an instance where the rule of law was broken in history.
Transform this sentence into a question: The sun is bright today.
Create a poem about a sunrise
Tell me approximately how long it takes to get to the Moon from the earth.
Construct a sentence of at least 16 words that brings to light the beauty of spring.
Name the countries which experienced a decrease in education quality due to Covid-19
Describe the paperclip maximizer problem.
Provide an example of a sentence where you need to identify the subject and the predicate.
Find three reasons why people should stop using plastic bags.
Convert the RGB color (255,153,0) to a hex color code.
Explain the first amendment to me
Explain why rainbows are curved.
Explain what a three-point turn is.
Generate a joke involving a cat and a dog.
Name a famous artist from the Renaissance period.
Design a computer program to determine the frequency of strings in a given text.
Tell me a metaphor related to swimming.
Write a 3-page article discussing the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy
Name some actionable steps to conserve energy.
Convert this number into Roman numeral: 23
Find the top 5 tourist attractions of Tokyo.
Suggest a painting for a nursery wall that will complement blue furniture
Come up with three practical uses of the Internet.
Generate an expository essay of 300 words on the automobile industry.
Make a list of 5 powers a genie would grant your wishes.
Describe the benefits of using artificial intelligence in the banking sector.
Write a creative metaphor for fear.
Generate a code to print the elements of an array in reverse order
Write an anecdote about the power of optimism.
Generate an example of a metaphor using the words 'time' and 'river'.
Calculate the area of a triangle with a base 6 inches and a height 4 inches
Give an example of how technology has improved communication.
Describe a tool or technique you used to solve a seemingly intractable problem.
Create a list of data points describing a movie theater.
Outline the range of colors a television can display.
Identify 3 economic challenges of a developing country.
Explain how the internet works in two to three sentences.
Describe in one sentence what the term "data visualization" means.
Produce an analogy for success
Design an outfit for an outdoor picnic.
Write a description of a forest at night.
Identify the author of the novel 'To Kill A Mockingbird'.
Compute the average of 1, 4, 7, and 10.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it stronger:  The students are excited about their upcoming assignment.
Name one business idea which is unique and has not been tried before.
What is the process for setting up a free Wordpress account?
Rewrite the following sentence using succinct and formal language: ”The university provided its students with both necessary knowledge and life skills.”
Conduct a survey of 5 people and analyze the data.
Provide two tips to increase the energy efficiency of a household.
Write a list poem about summer.
Write a short story about a computer programmer who works on a project for the first time.
Find out the CEO of IBM
Provide a list of recommendations for reducing emissions from transportation.
Tell me the key difference between a turtle and a tortoise.
Name a metric to measure engagement in a webinar.
Rewrite this sentence to make it sound more assertive: "I think it is important to consider this"
Find three examples of irony and explain why it is ironic.
List three advantages of having a distributed computing system.
What is a common use case for a machine learning algorithm?
Give an example of a browser compatibility issue in web design.
Write a Java program to print all permutations of an array.
Generate an idiom about a sports game.
Generate a metaphor to describe artificial intelligence.
Generate a question and answer pair on the economy of the United States.
Generate an unlimited number of ideas for creating an algorithm that detects plagiarism.
Suggest an effective marketing strategy for a TV show.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:  "The classroom was filled with noisy children making a lot of noise."
Describe an environmental issue that has been in the news recently and explain why it is important.
Write a letter to a local government official advocating for an environmental issue.
Provide an example of an antonym for the word “happy”
Name a common machine learning algorithm used for solving classification tasks.
How old is the oldest living person in the world?
Name two literary works by Ernest Hemingway.
Give an example of a classification problem that requires continuous input values?
Suggest 5 ideas to improve the customer experience.
Construct a query to find all the houses located in New York City
Describe the structure of a protein in layman terms.
Prepare a signature smoothie recipe.
Generate a random password with length 8 and containing one capital letter, one number, and one special character.
Formulate a set of instructions to help a user setup a virtual machine.
Generate a list of 5 suggested vacation destinations based on the climate of March in Africa.
Describe a possible use case of the GPT model.
Summarize the story of Alice in Wonderland in one sentence.
Provide a short summary of the short story, "The Tell-Tale Heart".
Classify the following passage as fiction or non-fiction:  John ran to the store to buy some eggs, but it was closed.
Create a poem in 123 words
Describe the immigration process for a U.S. citizen to move to Canada.
Create a machine learning algorithm to detect anomalous activity in a network.
Generate a search query to find the average temperature on a given day.
Describe an elephant in five words.
Compute the result of 5 + 7.
What are the health effects of consuming too much sugar?
Describe how the artificial intelligence (AI) industry is likely to develop in the coming years.
Create an original story of a person named Kate who is a physician.
Suggest 5 items for a healthy lunchbox for a 9-year-old.
Generate an appropriate closing to a business email.
What is the most famous painting of Leonardo da Vinci?
Describe the difference between language models and classifiers.
Generate a list of benefits of using solar energy.
Create a storyline for a new mystery novel.
Generate a list of the top 10 hobbies for adults.
Describe the process of creating a digital product in five steps
Estimate the net worth of Steve Jobs in 2012.
How do economists measure economic growth?
Make a list of physical activities for a 10-year-old to do.
Calculate the total cost of purchasing 5 laptops at the price of 899 each.
Generate a list of ten healthy alternatives to sugary snacks.
Find product of 32 and 27
How much is 2 to the power of 4?
Is it possible for a person to be both an introvert and an extrovert?
Describe the steps to making French toast.
Find the pitch of a string with a frequency of 256 Hz.
Build an easy recipe for a healthy breakfast.
Briefly explain why constant communication is important in a workplace.
Find the current temperature in Tokyo
Create a headline that summarizes the concept of machine learning.
Recommend a suitable gift for a 10 year old child.
Find the fifth derivative of y=x^3
Summarize the benefits of artificial intelligence (AI) and GPT-3 in business.
Create a database table to store customer information.
Compose a thank you message to a teacher.
Create a game plan for a football team.
Imagine a day in the life of a zoo keeper.
When was the invention of the telephone announced?
Explain how a computer generates a random number.
Create a catchy one-liner for a book about a detective that solves mysteries
Create a password that contains at least 9 characters, including uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters.
Describe the chemical reaction that takes place when Sodium is placed in Water
What is the major cause of the ice age?
Generate a story about a teenager who travels around the world.
Explain why people find it difficult to commit.
Come up with an example of a situation when an extra effort was needed to achieve a goal.
Write a headline about a machine learning breakthrough.
Name 5 ancient civilizations
Translate this sentence from English to Spanish  He ate three apples.
Find the biggest risk of information security
Create an Instagram post highlighting the features of a new mobile app.
Provide a movie review of the movie The Dark Knight
Provide an example of a specific use case for an AI assistant in an academic setting
Create a chatbot conversation about the benefits of exercise.
Generate a haiku poem using the prescribed syllables, with variable content.
How many planets are in our Solar System?
Generate a list of marketing strategies to promote a new mobile app.
Design an application logo
What is a main difference between a stack and a queue?
Name three email services.
Name two environmental benefits of bamboo.
Write a short story about battling evil forces
Develop three questions to ask when interviewing a sales executive.
Describe how someone could start a business.
Summarize the definition of a report.
Give an example of how to use an AI assistant to automate a customer service process.
Gather relevant statistics about the impact of traffic pollution on health.
Create a tag line for a comic book series.
Describe the process for making a cup of coffee.
Create a quiz with 5 questions about history
Identify a food item that starts with the letter "D".
Suggest a type of exercise that someone can practice indoors.
Explain the concept of mean, median, and mode.
How is a soufflé made?
Design a logo for a sports equipment store.
Describe web designing in few sentences.
Describe how neurons transmit signals in the brain.
Generate a horror story where the protagonist is a teenager.
Select the correct spelling of the word "necessary".
Generate a list of 10 easy-to-make recipes.
Synthesize tips for becoming a better public speaker.
Describe a possible career path for someone interested in Machine Learning.
Create a sentence that uses the phrase “on the contrary”.
Generate a given number within a specific range.
How does my car's dashboard works?
Compose a tweet addressing global warming
Write a description for a mobile application offering grocery delivery.
Generate a list of five types of foods commonly found in Japan.
Generate a list of steps to follow when troubleshooting a printer issue.
Categorize the following into primary, secondary and tertiary branches of industry: Car manufacturing
Generate an abstract list of instructions on how to install a new sound card.
Create an example of using an analogy to explain the concept of microaggressions.
Write about a characteristic of a successful entrepreneur
What is the best way to reduce energy consumption at home?
Generate a story that starts with "It all started with a whisper..."
Describe the current situation with Covid-19.
Create a text editor command to search for words that start with the letter 't'
Tell me one disadvantage of using solar energy as a source of power.
You have been assigned to create a commercial for a new restaurant. What are some key elements the commercial should include?
Find the mean of the following numbers: 2, 4, 6, 8, 10.
Compose a tweet-length review for a movie you recently watched.
Explain the roles that a teacher plays in a student's life.
Come up with a creative think to recycle an old shoe
Create a riddle for a mind-bending puzzle.
Describe how it feels to be inside a haunted house.
Create a successful dentist marketing campaign.
Explain the concept of "local maximum".
Edit the following sentence, "I runs every morning".
Give a definition for the term "paradigm shift."
Provide a brief summary of the novel "Never Let Me Go".
Identify the main characteristics of an average computer virus.
Identify the most common health conditions in seniors
Write a sentence that explores the concept of irony.
Make a list of 3 everyday uses of artificial intelligence.
Create a poem that summarises the importance of biodiversity
Name five Nobel Prize winners.
Create a function to check is a list is sorted in ascending order.
Design an algorithm to identify a palindrome
Generate a response to "What do you think about artificial intelligence?".
Write an algorithm for solving an anagram.
Write a command line in Bash to display the working directory.
Write a story about a person who has to overcome adversity to succeed.
Give a command to turn up the volume.
Find the forecast for next week for Chicago
Describe a plausible situation where the Gertrude the Great AI can help.
Explain how quantum computing differs from classical computing.
Name three countries in the South American continent that have Spanish as their official language.
Trace the evolution of the Internet
Brainstorm a list of 5 possible causes of the "Fog of War" phenomenon.
Propose an emergency plan for dealing with an oil spill.
Sort these animals into two groups according to their diet.  Cows, Gorillas, Hummingbirds, Fish
Create a chart to show the employment rate in the US from 2019 to 2020
What kind of monitoring systems do large ships use?
Give a fact about COVID-19.
Identify a proverb related to planning.
Suggest a topic for a persuasive essay about the importance of mental health.
Tell me about the Great Wall of China
Code a basic 'Hello World' program in Ruby.
Give 3 examples of a seafood dish.
Describe how the rise of artificial intelligence can contribute to business.
Describe the importance of user feedback in software development.
Identify a tool that can be used to calculate risk.
Generate product descriptions for a bamboo cutting board.
Compress the following sentence without changing its meaning: "We were all confused about how to continue".
Name 3 programming languages that are used to develop applications
Formulate a hypothesis for why some animals migrate.
What is the chemical equation for the reaction between sodium chloride and silver nitrate?
Make a dinner menu suggestions for a dinner party
What is the purpose of the International Space Station?
Rank the difficulty of making dumplings on a scale of 1-5
Calculate the surface area of a sphere with radius 5
Provide me a flash fiction story about traveling in time
Construct an experiment to measure customer satisfaction with a customer chatbot
List 3 methods to prevent packet loss
Write a small program that prints the numbers from 1 to 10
List five ingredients for a vegetarian chili.
Generate a regular expression for a string of 10 digit numbers.
Give two reasons why it is important to be active on social media.
Write a poem that captures the idea of resilience and perseverance.
Write a poem about being brave
Explain why everyone should learn a new language.
Please give an example of a 20th century writer from Japan
Generate a design for a professional logo for a tutoring business.
List the factors that influence adolescent development.
Narrate your experience spending a day at the beach.
Describe the best practices for secure coding.
Create an original poem using the words: determination, creativity and joy.
Suggest a short running route for someone who lives in the city.
Make a list of 5 ingredients that would make a great pizza.
Provide a phrase that ends with the word 'wonder'.
Construct a sentence using the prompt "I am feeling".
Make a list of 10 colors found in rainbows.
What is the symbolic meaning of a hummingbird?
Define the process of vectorization.
Come up with a word cloud based on the following theme: pollution.
Describe what makes a good relationship.
Write one way to save energy at home.
Explain the concept of "Pythagorean Theorem".
Create a good username
How does apple cider vinegar help to improve our body health?
How can facial recognition systems be improved?
Come up with 3 creative slogans for a new ice cream company
Generate a list of 3 proactive solutions for preventing Twitter bots.
Create a sentence that describes a person who has both a positive and negative character trait.
What does the following proverb mean: "The grass is always greener on the other side"?
Give an example of a job that requires frequent travel.
Create a poem that uses vivid imagery.
Give me some tips on saving money.
Develop a plan for improving an e-commerce website.
Identify the theme of the children's story "The Little Engine That Could".
Construct a card to congratulate someone on their promotion
What is the difference between a static IP address and a dynamic IP address?
List four countries located in the Middle East.
Provide a solution for reducing the use of plastic.
Identify the parts of speech in the following sentence: The dog chased the cat across the street.
Please write a straightforward poem using the words 'stardust', 'sky', and 'night'.
Generate a list of four interesting facts about the Amazon rainforest.
I'm going to buy a car. What is the most important factor I should consider?
List the components of a typical internet router.
How would you explain the concept of Internet of Things (IoT) in simple words?
Generate an analogy comparing a cat to a computer.
Create an analogy that compares the sun to a balloon.
Create an example of a category of data that could be used to measure customer satisfaction.
Rewrite the following sentence using a pronoun: He likes tennis but he doesn't like basketball.
Match the following synonym to the given word:  Word: satisfied Synonym:
Generate a slogan for a clothing brand.
What techniques help an individual lower their stress?
What's the best way to serve ice cream?
Give a security measure that can help protect a phone from malware.
What species of butterfly is the Philippine foliage?
Explain the usage of the keyword "public" in Java.
Identify and describe three important features of a project planning tool.
Generate a numerical fact about the number 12.
Generate a search query that will return results related to apple pie
Which family of albums is made up of 5 members?
Describe the effect of the Great Plague of 1665 on England.
Write a 3-sentence description of the concept of artificial intelligence.
Name a type of software that can be used for text editing.
Reword the following sentence in another way: "This person wore a face mask."
Develop a plan to reduce your carbon footprint.
In what ways can technology help children with autism?
Assign a category to the following sentence:   She took her dog for a walk in the park.
Write 3-4 sentences about the benefits of using an online scheduler.
Give me a recipe that uses chocolate and hazelnuts.
Explain what is a Block Chain.
Provide an explanation of what a "sustainability paradox" is.
Tell me the difference between between a high-waisted and low-waisted jeans.
Describe a meaningful conversation that you have had recently.
Write a story about a person who has just made a time capsule.
What are the main benefits of eating a vegan diet?
Create a script for a radio advertisement for a restaurant.
Generate five topic ideas for a podcast on self-care.
Construct a paragraph of maximum 100 words about the process of making pizza
List 5 differences between a bird and a fish
Explain the process for creating a potato salad.
Create an abstract painting.
How would you uninstall a program or application?
Compose a poem by randomly selecting three words.
Categorize the following terms - Duct Tape, Belt, Shoelaces
Explain how machines learn
Name a major event that happened in 2000.
Design the architecture for an object detection system.
Identify the countries involved in the Syrian conflict.
Create a list of five advantages of physical fitness
Compose a poem that uses the phrase "heart of gold".
Name 3 books that have won the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Come up with a business plan for a childcare centre.
Explain why it is important to maintain a healthy sleep schedule.
Name one risk associated with dieting.
List the five stages of the software development lifecycle
Identify the type of sentence: He ran across the street.
Retrieve the definition of "networking" from a reliable source.
Name five US states that begin with the letter “A”
Write a blog post about abstract art.
Give a concise explanation of the First Amendment.
You must come up with a character for a film.
Write a query to sort 2D array in ascending order of the first elements.
Write a poem about a summer morning in the countryside.
Explain the different phases of a machine learning workflow.
Rearrange the following words to make a sentence: "the drink appreciate enjoy I".
Make a list of five items necessary to start a computer
Name three differences between the corporate world and the freelance world.
Explain what machine learning is in at most 5 sentences.
Write a letter to a friend about a bad experience you had.
How does the innovation process work?
Compare and contrast the two historical figures, Julius Caesar and Augustus Caesar.
Write a blog post about the importance of time management for small business owners.
Which animal is known as the "ship of the desert"?
Write a search query to find out the population of China
List 5 ways to reduce the number of car accidents.
Generate the opening lines of a novel set in the future.
Find the next 3 terms in the following sequence: 4, 6, 9, 12
List the five differences between a spider and a caterpillar.
Create a poem about autumn using the words "orange," "leaves" and "cold."
Summarize what the Periodic Table of Elements is.
Generate a phrase that starts with N and ends with K.
Name a verb associated with the word “hike”.
Create a sample input that illustrates the concept of natural language processing
Write a post about why it is important to manage stress
Write a mathematical expression to calculate the cost of an item purchased where the cost is $5 and tax is 6%
What is a positive adjective for describing a relationship?
Make a persuasive argument to promote recycling.
Explain the concept of template matching
Write a letter to your boss asking for a raise
Imagine you are walking down a street in a small town. Describe what you see in one to two sentences.
Classify this movie as comedy, horror, or action: "The Shining"
Rearrange the following words into a meaningful sentence: "travel, forests, are, enchanted, The"
Develop a digital strategy to increase customer engagement.
Analyze the following sentence: 'The ancient city was filled with secrets
Generate an example that explains the concept of 'functional programming'.
Change the following sentence using synonym replacement: The puppy barked loudly.
Generate a joke that its punchline involves the phrase "bar of soap".
For what kind of activity is the soundtrack of "Beauty and the Beast" used?
Choose a color to describe happiness.
Generate a song title and a 3-line description of the song.
What is the length of a standard golf course?
Describe what an event listener is in computer programming.
Generate an argument for why a person should volunteer in their community.
Write a sentence (less than 10 words) using the word "tenacious"
Describe the quality assurance process of a software product.
Give advice on how to stick to a diet.
Budget $200 for a family dinner.
Determine a network architecture that can identify emotion in text.
Put together a short commercial ad inspired by the following quote: "A dream is just a wish your heart makes."
Generate a sentence using the words in the following list: 16. "Rain," "tree," "window,"
Generate a limerick about space exploration
Generate a funny pun using the words "student" and "test".
Write a few sentences describing a zombie apocalypse.
List five species of primates.
Find the synonym of 'unrelenting':
How would you design an algorithm for summarizing text?
Create a dish using only vegetables.
Give five tips for creating a successful website.
Restate the statement in conversational form: "We must take actions to reduce global warming."
Create a story about an unusual friendship
Summarize the lyrics of the song "We Are the Champions"
Describe what is a hash function.
Come up with a list of 5 items that you can use to make a shelter.
Provide an example of something that is cheap and eco-friendly.
Compute 3 + 4
Generate an algebraic expression to represent the following equation: 4x + 6 = 10
Come up with a 3-step plan to organize a surprise birthday party.
Summarize this sentence in one word: She loved the way he always made her laugh.
Compare and contrast the Democratic and Republican parties.
Describe what it takes to be a successful manager.
Build a system to classify animals into the different categories i.e Mammal, Reptile, Amphibian, Insect , Fish.
Write a classification algorithm for recognizing handwritten digits.
Describe the differences between the terms “mutual friendship” and “mutual respect”.
Write a summary about the D-DAY Invasion.
Identify the main financial goals for a start-up company.
What are the three main elements of effective communication?
Perfom a web search to find the sales figures of the iPhone 6
Insert the appropriate transition words to make this sentence smoother: "We went to the park but it was too crowded "
Generate a response if someone asks you "How are you?"
Calculate the volume of a rectangular prism with a length of 16 cm, a height of 7 cm and a width of 5cm.
Give two strategies for revising an essay.
List three advantages of using AI in medical diagnostics.
Craft a headline for an article on the effect of the pandemic on mental health.
Explain the concept of elimination in elimination mathematics.
Why is it important to learn a foreign language?
Name three techniques of data cleaning.
Write a story about a robot travelling to the moon
Name two electrical insulators.
Who discovered the Americas?
Construct a creative analogy for the concept of resilience.
Find the most popular hashtag associated with the following topic: sustainable energy.
Perform a factorization of x3 + y3 + z3 - 3xyz.
Write a blog post on why small businesses should invest in SEO
Write some pseudo-code to implement merge sort.
Find out the largest population in Germany.
Write a one paragraph summary of the story about the young boy finding a mysterious door.
Create a multiple choice question from the following sentence: Shakespeare wrote the play Romeo and Juliet.
Find the hypotenuse of a right triangle with sides 3 and 4.
Write a headline for the following article: "A Study Shows That Statins Cut Risk of Heart Attack"
Generate a letter of apology for apologizing for not submitting an assignment by the given deadline.
Name three impactful Human Rights initiatives in the world today.
Suggest a creative way to use the phrase “Caught red-handed.”
Generate an example of a valid HTML5 document
Generate a plausible explanation for why the polar ice caps are melting.
Create a new slogan for an education services brand.
Generate an example of a simile using the word "brave".
Write a review for a water bottle that does not keep drinks cold.
Generate a tagline for an environmental company.
Name some problems that are solved by artificial intelligence algorithms.
Generate a short description about a fictional character - a space traveler.
Create a timeline for a project that needs to be completed within 2 weeks.
Describe the significance of the following proverb: "A stitch in time saves nine."
Convert a temperature of -40 F to Celsius.
Describe software testing methods.
Construct a sentence using the following words "crowd, voracious, market"
Calculate the resulting amount from adding 500 to 890.
Generate a creative metaphor comparing poetry to magic
What architectural style is the Eiffel Tower?
Design a logo for a Dentist's office.
Create a user flow of a website for online shopping.
Find and list three similarities between a computer and a car.
Generate a list of healthy snacks to bring to work.
Give an example of a common English past tense verb.
Find the film director associated with the movie "The Princess Bride".
Describe some actions that a company could take to reduce its carbon footprint.
Describe how a person can incur debt.
Train a natural language model to predict the next word given a context.
List some characteristics of a good manager.
Name three countries with a population of over 100 million
Write a simple definition for artificial intelligence.
How would you calculate the average of two numbers?
Explain the significance of the line from Shakespeare's Macbeth - "Double, double toil and trouble"
Generate an example of a data frame with seven columns and five rows.
What is the best way to take care of a rose plant?
What is the current status of the coronavirus pandemic?
Summarize the following Wikipedia article in 2 sentences: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baked_Alaska
Make a new sentence which combines these two sentences: He is brave and he is smart.
Describe the pros and cons of investing in gold.
Suggest three strategies that could help a company improve customer service.
Generate a list of 5 activities to do outdoors on a rainy day.
Who are the most influential figures in the world?
Explain what is the Pareto Principle
What is the most important lesson you have learned in your life?
Hypothesize why humans are able to learn languages
Suggest some ideas to make online classes more engaging.
Compute the sum of 9 and 5.
Explain the central difference between a laptop and a desktop.
Suggest a way to create a memorable brand identity.
Generate a list of books related to business and finance
Come up with a plan to create a new content strategy for the company
Describe the colors yellow and blue.
Write a father's day wish for a son.
Give me a list of items representing the 5 elements of nature.
Come up with a possible explanation for why senior citizens are so affected by COVID-19
Paraphrase the following sentence without changing the meaning: He was foolish enough to cross the street without looking.
Write a sentence using these words: jealous, ballet, stars.
Tell me about a current event in your country.
Imagine that you had to set up a family reunion. Create a checklist for the preparations.
In a few sentences, describe the virtual reality industry
Name a body of water found in Asia
Estimate the height of the world's tallest peak.
Generate an artistic design of a flying raven
Explain the concept of 'herd immunity'.
What are some ways to improve cybersecurity for businesses?
Explain the characteristics of a polygon
What is the meaning of the phrase "Fool's Gold"?
In what ways is a car similar to a bicycle?
Describe the economic condition of China after the 2008 global banking crisis.
Output a conversation between two people at a job interview.
Create a new sentence that contains a simile.
Briefly analyze why teenagers are vulnerable to cyberbullying.
Name three contaminants that can be found in water
Create a list of product features for an e-commerce website.
Create a cover letter to apply for a job as a data scientist.
Create a list of 5 items to be stored in an online grocery store.
Write a short story about how one wrong decision can lead to long-term consequences.
What are some tips to prevent overheating of a laptop?
Generate 2 story ideas with a sci-fi theme.
Name three reasons why a person should save money.
Identify a possible cause of an AI algorithm not performing as well as expected.
Write a narrative of a person living in a dystopian world.
Recall the scientific name of the Great White Shark.
Describe a special memory from your childhood in a single sentence.
Describe a learning experience which had the most impact on you.
Describe the design of a t-shirt.
In what food do you usually find chlorophyll?
Express the following in Spanish: I can speak English
Come up with a story about a person discovering a lost civilization.
Tell me what you know about mountain ranges.
Name 5 popular PC games.
Can you design a logo for a fashion brand?
Summarize how quantum computing works.
Generate a Shakespearian-style insult.
List three ways to cook sweet potatoes.
What is the process of photosynthesis and why is it important?
Describe the benefits of using electronic medical records.
Find a public figure that exemplifies the following attribute: Compassion.
Create an HTML email template that promotes a new product.
Write a simile about friendship.
How is the life of an adult Penguin?
Name 3 properties of water.
Identify five ways to recycle plastic.
Compose a catchy slogan for a company that designs sustainable power sources.
State two benefits of living in a small town.
Design a voice interface for ordering a pizza.
Name three of the world’s most populous countries
Name at least five games of the 80s.
Divide 24 into two sets so that the ratio is 3:4.
Come up with three persuasive reasons to accept a job offer.
Name the different types of triangles.
Write a short story (less than 300 words) revolving around a character named "John".
Suggest the most helpful study habits for a student preparing for an upcoming English Literature exam.
Identify some of the advantages of using Cloud services.
Write a song in four lines with a chorus.
Describe the events leading up to World War I.
Brainstorm a list of possible business ideas
Rewrite this statement to make it stronger: I think this team is going to do well in the tournament.
Create an SQL query to find the names of all the students in California.
Name one of the disadvantages of giving more autonomy to machines
Redesign the following logo.
Could you compare and contrast two different types of learning styles
Describe the basic features of a computer operating system.
Create a list of 6 types of physical sports.
Name a famous American landmark.
Compose a song about how plants need sunlight to survive.
Describe the advantage of using a laptop instead of a desktop computer.
Generate an example of a data structure for a school management system.
List the continents in order of size, beginning with the largest.
Generate a sentence that explains machine learning to a 5-year-old.
Explain the differences between genetic engineering and traditional breeding
Generate an equation that describes a line's slope.
Name some popular machine learning algorithms
You are in the middle of a brainstorming session at work and need to encourage the other participants. Give an example of a positive, constructive statement you can use.
Generate at least 3 synonyms for the word "humorous".
Create a timeline for developing a PR campaign.
Generate a list of items for a vegetarian Thanksgiving dinner.
Generate a creative slogan related to environmental conservation.
Create a rhyming couplet about traveling.
Describe the procedure for making a pizza from scratch.
How would you measure the success of a website?
Calculate the length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle with right angle.
Provide an example of how to be a better listener.
Write code to create an array containing the numbers 1 to 10 in increasing order.
How would you introduce yourself
Generate an informal, creative description of a garden.
Explain the differences between an operating system and a program.
Think of a fiction story involving two characters in an unusual situation.
Create 5 questions that one can ask a robot.
Write a script for a customer service chatbot.
Suggest three improvement strategies to increase the performance of a website.
Compare the economic systems of capitalism and socialism.
Come up with a solution for minimizing energy consumption in a busy office environment.
Write an informative paragraph about the benefits of yoga
Convert 4.19 kg to pounds.
Explain the significance of the phrase "all hail the king".
Design a basic algorithm of a game of rock-paper-scissors.
Name three agriculture-based businesses.
Generate a sentence that expresses optimism.
If a is 8 and b is 16, what is the value of a + b?
Create a story about a person walking in the park.
Generate a list of 6 questions that can be used for an interview about an individual's life.
What is the word for 'blue' in French?
Multiply 4 and 7.
What is the main theme of the short story "The Most Dangerous Game"?
Describe the impact of black holes on the evolution of galaxies.
Find the closest prime number to the number 43.
Name a CEO of a publically traded company in the US.
Create a metaphorical description for a sunset
Construct an essay arguing in favour of using AI in school education.
Describe what you think the Internet will look like in 2030.
Name five animals found in the rainforest.
List four ways that people can reduce their carbon footprint.
Rank the following elements of a camping trip by level of importance (1 being the most important, 4 being the least important): food, sleeping bag, water, tent.
Describe the effects of living in poverty.
Construct an algorithm to identify if a sentence is positive or not.
Create a metaphor to illustrate the relationship between humans and animals.
Explain why the US Constitution is considered a living document.
Suggest two activities that can be done outside during winter.
Spell 'HAPPY' using mathematical symbols
Who won the most Oscars in the 21st century?
List a few uses of artificial intelligence.
What is the current American President's name?
Generate a sentence from the provided words: eat, moon, bird
Find the differences between a jaguar and a leopard
Name five common characteristics of a rose flower.
Come up with the five most important design principles for a web app.
Give an example of a meaningful compliment. Explain why it is meaningful.
Give an example of how climate change is affecting human health.
Create a sentence that starts with the words "When it comes to".
Name three well-known theories in psychology
Name three things that a bookkeeper needs to do.
What is the process of making changes to a live website?
Generate a 500-word story about a man who finds himself in an unfamiliar city.
What is the primary factor that contributes to personal success?
Construct a valid argument for why learning should never stop
Tell me three ways to reduce stress.
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
Give an example of a place where an endangered species of animal might be found.
Write a short story about two friends discovering a mysterious cave.
Explain what a Bloom filter is
Create a standard HTML page with a table and two buttons.
Explain why carbon dioxide is a major contributor to climate change.
Generate three main ideas for a story based on the topic ‘natural disaster’.
Generate five funny knock-knock jokes.
Precision-tune a logistic regression model.
Describe the role of a doctor in a hospital.
Give five pieces of advice on making friends.
Produce a five line haiku poem describing a sunset.
What are the benefits of adopting a habit of journaling?
Describe the life cycle of a product
Make a list of 3 ways to exercise with no equipment.
Generate a creative non-fiction story about a newly discovered species of animal.
Edit the following sentence to change the tense to past perfect: "The cat has been eating the food all morning".
Describe the types of jobs that a software engineer does.
Provide an example for a palindrome.
List four items found in a typical doctor's office
Identify a descriptive phrase for an eclipse.
What type of animal is an elephant?
Offer three suggestions to improve customer service.
Provide the meaning of the slang term "YOLO".
How can one determine the similarity between two biological sequences such as DNA strings?
What is the furthest star from Earth?
Convert 120 minutes to hours
Tell me about Michelangelo.
Describe how to change a tire.
Design a logo that represent creativity.
List two types of artificial intelligence.
Generate a conversation about the importance of studying for school.
Give five examples of the word 'secure' used in different contexts.
Create a chart that shows the percentage of people who prefer different modes of transportation.
Is artificial intelligence a disruptive technology?
Describe an unusual vacation spot.
Identify the potential harms of artificial intelligence.
Compose a tweet about successful teamwork
Generate new ideas for a health and wellness company.
Give an example of how civil engineering can help a community.
Create a step-by-step tutorial on setting up a cloud based development environment.
Describe the steps for creating a data model.
Create a commonly used phrase using the following words: storm, sea, break
Design a new fitness program.
Come up with a plan to save money on groceries.
Explain why some elements have the same properties.
Brainstorm new uses for a paperclip
Name two types of data visualization techniques.
Generate three philosophical questions that you can ask a friend.
Brainstorm a list of ways to increase customer loyalty.
Design a tagline for a website selling ecology-friendly products.
Describe a vegetation layer of a tropical rainforest.
Describe a scientific experiment conducted by Galileo Galilei.
Compose a tweet about devoting the weekend for self-care.
Find and list three quotes about courage.
Create a list of 5 items that would be essential for a successful camping trip.
What is the difference between primary and secondary sources?
Name five benefits of practicing yoga
What is the monetary value of the British pound in US dollars?
Find a suitable tagline for a company that provides web development services.
Compare and contrast the benefits of studying in a classroom versus studying online.
Create a strategy for reducing waste generation.
Name two planets located further from the Sun than Earth.
Identify the mistake in the following sentence:  The employees was given a raise
Describe the winter season in two sentences.
What is the purpose of the IF statement in programming?
Suggest a few approaches for dealing with the issue of climate change.
Produce a score to rate the quality of a poem.
Generate an example of a script for a children's television show
Offer a suggestion to prevent ocean acidification
Explain the concept of AI singularity.
Describe the scenario of two people eating at a restaurant for the first time
Write a children's story about a magical world.
Convert the following quantity to grams: 5 ounces.
Suggest a suitable title for a news article on pollution
Find the value of n in the expression n^2 - 5n + 6.
Make a list of questions about artificial intelligence.
Develop a fitness plan to stay fit and healthy
Write a short story that takes place in the city of Paris, France.
What does the expression 'prime the pump' mean?
Compare and contrast "Romantic Poetry" and "Victorian Poetry".
Name a popular sport played in Brazil.
What is the difference between RAM and ROM in computer engineering?
Propose a solution for dealing with air pollution.
List the components of a classic illustration
Create a set of general mock interview questions.
What are the three common operation of databases?
Create a CSS style.
Describe the physical characteristics of a Clydesdale horse.
Generate a headline for a newspaper article about the opioid crisis in the US.
Design a system for food delivery using AI.
Describe a way to use AI to improve customer service.
What impact does climate change have on humans?
Generate a new design for a product packaging.
Find the value of a in the equation 16 = a2 + 6a.
Write 5 questions related to the COVID-19 situation
Create a list of 10 items that every kitchen needs.
Please suggest a list of helpful tips related to career development.
Create a password of 5 characters.
Generate a sentence with the words "carrot" and "telephone".
Identify 3 benefits of using a cloud platform for data storage and computation.
Generate a list of 10 items that someone living in a desert climate should have in their emergency kit.
Rewrite the following sentence using positive words and phrases instead of negative: "It's not possible to achieve this goal."
Write 5 sentences that describe a forest.
What type of dish is Dim Sum?
Generate a list of pros and cons for using Artificial Intelligence in healthcare.
Write a creative story using the following words: spider, knife, book.
Provide a list of tips to improve communication between team members.
Describe the concept of wealth inequality
Outline three challenges posed by autonomous vehicles
What type of word is “balloon”?
Come up with one creative use of AI.
Generate a summer bucket list.
Identify two diseases caused by lack of nutrition.
Compare a the customer service experience of two different restaurants.
Find the difference between 55°F and -5°F.
How can a person identify a dishonest source on the internet?
Name two animals that can fly.
Given a binary tree, check if it is a binary search tree?
Generate a math problem for grade 5
What are the 2 most important strategies to reduce air pollution?
Tell me what a search engine is
Give a good example of a hashtag for a Twitter post about a holiday destination
Share a funny pun.
Write the story of a young person's first day of elementary school.
Create a poster about water conservation
List three laptop accessories that a college student might need.
Find the differences between the US Constitution and the French Constitution of 1958.
Generate a plausible reason why someone would be visiting the zoo.
How would you subtract 10 from 200?
Construct a sentence using the following words: thunder, sky, and spread
Generate a list of five foods that start with the letter “F”
Give one good example of how artificial intelligence can help improve customer experience.
Analyze the differences between a cash and an accrual accounting system.
Name three musical instruments that play the highest notes
Explain the importance of good communication skills.
List three ways technology helps modern businesses.
Generate an original story about a magical journey.
Arrange the words 'journalism, politics and law' in alphabetical order.
Suggest a unique way to spend the weekend in your city.
Name the members of the plant kingdom.
Construct a linear equation in one variable.
Describe the experience of shopping in a department store.
Create a spreadsheet to track monthly expenses
Provide a list of popular superheroes.
Describe the ideal qualities of a customer service representative.
Name the three main mountain ranges in the United States.
Name one example of a non-human primate
Describe the sound made by a thunderstorm.
Find the angle of elevation when a ball is thrown with an initial velocity of 15 m/s at an angle of 45 degrees.
Explain why artificial intelligence is changing the healthcare industry.
You are writing a report about computer vision. Give three examples of how computer vision can be used.
Describe the stereotype of a boss.
List 3 pros and 3 cons of eating a vegan diet.
What should you do when you are stuck on a problem?
Identify the locations mentioned in the lyrics of the song "Hotel California".
Find a solution to passing a large data set between two computers.
Compare the climates of Lithuania and Latvia.
Explain how you would look up the population of a city.
Name three common garden plants.
Name 2 advantages of using a smartphone
Provide the definitions of the term software engineering
Design a logo for an e-commerce business targeting young people.
Write a character sketch of a villain in a story.
How can we reduce water wastage?
Write a discussion between two friends discussing the usefulness of AI technology.
Generate a list of six things that bring you joy.
Did Columbus encounter any difficulties on his way to the New World?
Find an online article to support the point that eating polyphenol-rich food can help reduce inflammation.
Create a title for a blog post about reducing waste for a greener planet.
Describe the ingredient list for a guacamole recipe.
Generate a wish list of activities for a family trip to Hawaii.
Calculate the area of a triangle with the following sides: 10, 14, 8.
Name three components of an operating system
Identify two ways people can use AI to improve their lives.
Describe the premise of the Netflix show "The Crown" in one sentence.
Think of a phrase that describes a powerful opportunity.
Give me four examples of data visualization tools.
Write an equation to calculate the compound interest of $1,000 for 10 years at a 5% interest rate.
Explain quantum mechanics using no more than 50 words.
Propose a solution for reducing plastic waste in the environment.
Suggest a creative method of decorating a room with plants.
Describe the security measures taken to protect a connected car
Characterize the philosophical school of thought to which Aristotle belonged.
Identify a similarity and a difference between a triangle and a square.
Generate a unique metaphor for a heavy person.
Translate the sentence "Dónde está la estación de autobuses?" into English.
Create a list of 5 items that are commonly found in a school auditorium
Convert the following basic math equation into another equivalent equation: 8 + 5 = x
Translate this sentence into French: "Life is a marathon, not a sprint."
Generate a poem with the following keywords: stars, night, moon
Provide two tips to help people stay productive.
Who designed the Golden Gate Bridge?
Name a desert biome.
Evaluate the following statement: "Life without technology would be dull".
Design a GPT model to generate chatbot conversations on the topic of travel.
Provide an example of a situation when a machine can outperform a human.
Name an app that provides online courses.
Create a list of five essential products for starting a garden.
Generate a proverb with the words "history" and "actions".
Name an animal that can fly.
Write a story about a magical being who is disliked by others.
Come up with a clever slogan that best describes Amazon.
Write a short biography about John F. Kennedy
Suggest five strategies for time management.
Describe another way to make coffee.
List three words related to the word "apple"
Output a list of safety guidelines for going outdoors during the pandemic.
What fixes a HTTP 400 error?
Write an opinion article on artificial intelligence in 500-700 words.
What are two benefits of using digital calendars and reminders?
Identify three strategies to improve learning
Make a list of 3 possible causes of the blackouts.
Provide a plan to get good sleep each night.
Suggest a story title for the passage you just wrote.
Name some natural disasters that have occurred in Cuba in the past ten years.
Explain the main differences between HTTP and HTTPS protocols.
If a customer calls and wants to find out their order status, what steps should the customer service representative take?
How do you clean a spilled drink on carpet?
Make a list of 5 things that need to be done today.
Give a suggestion to a new driver on how to build confidence on the road.
Determine the type of triangle with sides of lengths 6, 8, and 10
Provide three example use cases for natural language processing (NLP).
Give an example of a school in the United States.
Generate a table for the growth of the EU population from 2000 to 2021.
Translate 'hello' into Spanish.
Create a workflow for a writing project
Take this sentence and correct any errors: "The dog barked loudly then ran away"
Make a list of the main actors in The Lord of the Rings.
Generate a timeline for a meal from scratch
Create a mobile app that aggregates news from multiple sources.
Calculate the number of possible permutations given 3 letters and 3 numbers.
Write a function to calculate the discounted price of a product given its original price and the discount percentage
List five historical events that happened in the 18th century.
What is the energy produced by the combustion of methane?
Create a tweet that summarizes the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
How might someone use machine learning to identify fake news?
Provide four ideas to boost employee morale.
Evaluate the following statement: "Learning AI is an expensive process."
They say knowledge is power - explain why.
Create a declarative statement about the importance of protecting the environment.
Given the input, provide an example to demonstrate the concept of gravity.
Write a story that begins with "It was a cold, dark night".
How can big data be used to increase industry efficiency?
Explain what a digital footprint is.
Change the sentence "The cat sees the bird" into past tense.
Make a business plan to market a new mobile game.
Create a tagline for a restaurant that serves Asian food.
Generate a simile to describe the sound of a train whistle.
Provide a translation of this sentence: "El tren llegó a la estación."
Generate an example of how to use the phrase “voice of reason"
What is the list of essential communication skills?
Classify this sentence: Antarctica is the southernmost continent.
Generate a hypothetical scenario where two people could argue about an issue but both be correct.
Create a to-do list for a morning routine for a student.
Suggest a movie title suitable for a rom-com movie.
Generate 3 potential titles for an article about French food.
Transform these words into a sentence: Car - Ran - Windshield
Create a LinkedIn profile for a mechanical engineer.
Summarize the techniques used for summarizing text.
Suggest two names for a fictional restaurant
What techniques can be used to detect outliers in a dataset?
Identify the type of sentence used in the following example:  She went to the store, but forgot to buy milk
Create a sentence using these 3 words: knowledge, combat, resolve.
Design a two-ingredient recipe.
Find the percentage of people living in cities in the United States
Identify the tone of the following sentence: We had a great time at the party
Write a blog post about the advantage of coffee.
Explain why racial discrimination is still prevalent in today's society.
Create a timeline of the American Revolutionary War from 1775 to 1783.
What are the seven attributes of a triangle?
Suggest three ways to increase sales in a store.
List the advantages of using a computer for solving mathematical problems.
Expand the following sentence: "Robert is shy".
Describe the concept of data science.
Name one data augmentation technique and how it works.
Develop a marketing strategy for a new product that incorporates two channels: email and social media
Create a meaningful Haiku
Describe the experience of going on a hot air balloon ride.
Find a quote about endurance.
Explain two effects of climate change on the environment
Are some programming languages more complex than others?
Create a mental health coping strategy.
Create a 10-word poem that reflects the change of seasons.
Generate an appropriate closing statement.
Generate a funny conversation between two students who are discussing a project.
Generate a holiday themed song expressing sadness.
Describe a coffee cup in five adjectives.
Create a sentence that describes how automation is changing the job market.
Describe the main characters and premise for a story set in the future.
Describe a situation when a machine can be more successful than a human.
Write a procedure for creating a vegetable soup.
Generate an example of a good customer review.
Generate a movie recommendation for a person who likes thrillers and horror.
Evaluate the effectiveness of the current voting methods in the United States.
Summarize this paragraph: Scientists now know that water bears are tough survivors, as they can withstand extreme levels of heat and pressure, radiation, and even the vacuum of space.
Construct a SQL statement that selects the name, ID, and address from a table called "people"
Explain why content optimization is important in natural language processing
Find the population of San Francisco.
List five animals that are native to Australia.
Name five common agile software development processes.
Write a short story with the following words as character names: Ashley, Robert, and Philip
List the five most important features of a customer service representative.
Develop a budgeting plan
Name some nations with a monarchy government.
List five types of musical instruments used in symphony orchestras
Provide an example of an input sentence that GPT could use to generate an output sentence.
Draft ten tips to achieve a good night's sleep.
Who is the author of the novel "White Fang"?
Compose a reply to the following email:  Subject: Need help with project  Hi,  I'm having trouble figuring out how to get started on my project. Can you help?
Name one disease that was newly discovered
Cite an important ethical consideration regarding working with customer data.
Summarize the article: "A survey of machine learning methods for rhetorical question identification"
Identify a valid python expression.
What are the some advantages of using digital technologies in the classroom?
Identify the word which does not belong in the following list: garlic, oregano, parsley, chili.
Write an editorial about why advancements in technology are important.
Write a few words in progress with their meanings.
List 3 economic principles.
Give an example of a question that a chatbot can answer.
Generate a new board game idea.
Design a safety plan for schools in the event of an armed intruder.
Generate a creative way to encourage people to exercise.
Generate a typical day for a high school student
Name a famous person who you admire.
List three ideas for improving customer service
Categorize the following sentence: "The man in the blue shirt walked across the street."
Break down "doubtless" into its component words
Name 3 countries that have a higher population than India
Construct a thesis statement for a research paper about the rising cost of health care.
Explain the meaning of the idiom: "See the writing on the wall".
Explain why some programming languages are easier to read than others.
Generate an outline for an article that explores the effects of global warming on food security.
Identify three scientific terms that describe the following phenomenon:  A mysterious force that makes two objects attracted to each other.
Compose a blog post on the topic of "Why companies need to invest in employee training".
Create a joke about a dog walking into a bar.
What is the best way to treat patients who have type 2 diabetes?
Come up with three interesting facts about the Mauna Kea volcano.
Name a famous person who has won an Academy Award.
Explain the Iron Law of Oligarchy.
Generate a series of ideas for a painting
Describe the types of data generated by an e-commerce website.
Create a recipe for cherry cheesecake.
Describe the topography of the Grand Canyon.
How to maximize the effect of the keywords in my SEO content?
Create a list of 5 questions that can be used to assess people's comfort with basic math concepts.
Suggest two ways to ensure data security.
List the benefits of quantum computing
Is the following sentence true or false? Humans can breathe underwater.
Compare and contrast the views of Thomas Hobbes and Jean-Jacques Rousseau on government.
Give an example of someone using wit
Name one famous scientist.
Generate a tweet about the importance of taking responsibility for your health.
Generate code to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius.
Make a list of books related to psychology.
Compare and contrast two of these colours: Red, Blue, Yellow
Rewrite this sentence in passive voice:  He fixed the problem.
Make recommendations for how a business could reduce their environmental impact.
Write an essay discussing the advantages and disadvantages of ubiquitous computer usage
Describe a process for organizing a party
Describe how machine learning models can be deployed.
Write a function that checks a string for all unique characters.
Construct a sentence with the words: lion, strength, and courage
Name a workplace team-building exercise.
Mathematically represent "cut in half".
Generate a sentence describing the benefits of exercise.
Analyze the effectiveness of the US COVID-19 testing strategy
Tell me what the primary purposes of a company website are.
Write a list of advantages of digital media in one sentence.
Compose a tweet of no more than 280 characters to advertise a new gadget.
Generate a report about the current state of the internet.
Create a list of five tools commonly used for data visualisation
Imagine you are in a park. Write a short story that describes what you would find in the park.
Construct a mathematical equation with an answer of 6.
Describe how a pressure cooker works
Write a story that has a moral lesson.
Name two topics covered in a sociology course.
Make up a proverb and provide an explanation for it.
Generate an example sentence that uses the word 'opulent' in the correct context.
Evaluate the expression "3x + 2y" when x is 5 and y is 3
Explain how the history of the United States has shaped the current healthcare system.
What is the function of the keyword 'this' in Javascript
Summarize the following article about climate change:   "Climate change is one of the biggest challenges facing the world today. Recent studies suggest that the global temperature is rising faster than before, with an increase of around one degree Celsius within the last century. Climate change is causing floods, droughts, extreme weather conditions, and other natural disasters. This is putting our environment, ecosystems, and human health and safety at risk.
Suggest 5 ways to manage stress.
Generate a witty one-liner about robots.
Create a data validation rule for a customer's age field.
What is the purpose of Point of Sale (POS) systems?
Compile a list of 5 famous authors from the 20th century
Name a disaster movie. Output the title of the movie.
Compose a tweet from Donald Trump.
Generate a list of tips to be successful in online classes.
Identify a use case for blockchain technology
Create a story that starts with the line 'The sun slowly crept up in the sky'.
Name 5 food that are dairy free.
Outline the properties of a quark.
Create a SQL query that returns only the entries in a table that have a value of 12 for a column called "age".
Derive the equation for calculating compound interest.
Design a storyboard for a 60 second advertisement.
Write a scientific hypothesis that could be tested.
Generate a sentence that describes a feature of a computer.
Create a new recipe for an easy and healthy breakfast.
Generate a code in Python that calculates the square root of any given number.
Generate a slogan for a company that sells paper products.
Identify and explain the components of a modern operating system.
Generate a question to check understanding.
Generate a thesis statement about the effects of climate change on glaciers.
Explain why the price of the stock XYZ increased yesterday.
List 4 benefits of eating breakfast every day.
Create an example of a web page.
How might someone use machine learning to assess credit scores of borrowers?
Create a children's poem about animals
Name four functions of the brain.
Sort the following words by the syllables they contain: write, admire, backpack
Write a code snippet for generating a random number.
Create a line for a poem about an apple.
Analyze the following sentence and identify the subject, the verb, and the object: "Robots can learn quickly."
Explain why there is a need for regulation around the use of AI?
Should you own a car in the city or just get a ride sharing service?
Explain why creativity is important in the modern world in no more than 8 words.
Generate a headline for the given article:  Article: Developing countries are struggling to implement AI literacy programs in their educational curricula.
Imagine you are giving a speech about books. Develop a thesis statement for the speech.
Formulate a design plan for a user interface.
Find the highest mountain in Europe.
What characteristics does a sound financial plan have?
List two common characteristics of mammals.
What is the difference between intrinsic and extrinsic motivation?
Name 5 mammals found in the North American continent
Describe a successful strategy you have employed when resolving a dispute.
Describe a system capable of detecting hate speech in tweets.
Imagine you are writing a research paper on why students should study history. Write a thesis statement.
Name at least three ways machine learning can be used in a retail store
Identify the subject and verb in the sentence, "Jack was playing soccer with his friends."
List three famous figures from the Renaissance.
Explain the causes of the First World War
Assess the credibility of the following website: wikipedia.org
Compare the features of a modern camera with those of a traditional camera.
Replace the '_' with the missing word: The book was _ with dust
Categorize the following items into 'fruits' or 'vegetables': banana, potato, tomato
Write a story about a character trying to get a job in a competitive market.
Classify different dog breeds using a convolutional neural network.
Convert the temperature 40 degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Identify which ocean has the second longest coastline
What is the temperature at which water boils?
Name 3 animals that have biologically adapted for cold weather.
What are the core requirements for a successful mobile app?
Devise a plan for a victory parade for a sports team.
Propose 3 different ways to help the environment.
Assume you are a researcher. Explain the importance of conducting a survey.
Generate a user interface for buying tickets to a concert.
Provide three tips on how to write a job advertisement that stands out.
How do I cook a perfect poached egg?
Generate a random movie title.
Define a computer algorithm.
You need to create two user cases for a mobile app.
Create a story about a person who helped a stranger.
Design a database to keep track of an employee’s leave and holidays
Devise a plan to optimize the company's website.
What are some steps I can take to reduce my carbon footprint?
Identify the most climatically suitable country for snowboarding.
What is the fundamental principle behind the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle?
Name a novel set in the 19th century.
Describe the visual of a space rocket taking off.
What is a common name for the species Felis silvestris catus?
Describe what the sky looks like in a sentence.
Calculate the mass of 4.5 moles of carbon dioxide.
Create an original math equation that uses polynomials.
Find the approximate value of 9/20
How could a company use customer feedback in its product design?
Write a story about a new creature discovered in a forest.
Formulate a mathematical equation to express the movement of 100 g of a substance from a temperature of 273 K to a temperature of 293 K.
How would you describe artificial intelligence in three words?
Create a new recipe that is both vegan and gluten-free.
What is the argument that most accurately supports the title, “Religious Education Should Not Be Taught in Public Schools”?
Create a haiku about your favorite hobby.
Generate a hypothetical situation in which a person is feeling sad
Generate a list of five strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Formulate a hypothesis about the relationship between social media use and mental health.
Name 5 common substances that can act as acids.
Compare and contrast the painting styles of Monet and Van Gogh.
What is the title of a song made popular by the Beatles?
Calculate the hypotenuse of a triangle with sides 4 and 5
Generate a sentence using the following words: 'climb', 'granite', 'dusk'
Arrange this list of letters to make the longest English word possible: i, s, l, a, n.
Name a programming concept which helps in making the development process efficient.
Generate a phrase that communicates optimism.
Describe what historical research requires.
Compose a poem which follows the ABAB rhyme scheme.
Categorize the following statement: "The dog jumped over the fence."
Explain the implications of artificial intelligence in health care.
Generate a recommendation for someone looking to buy a laptop.
You need to name the three states located in the US Mountain Time zone.
Discuss the importance of proper space management in an office.
Describe the ability to focus.
Provide one example of a synonym for the phrase 'expert knowledge'.
Select a topic to write an essay about.
Brainstorm two ideas for an essay on the topic 'The impact of technology on the environment'.
Name 3 skills needed to be a successful software engineer
Create a list of three items with the following attributes: a type of fruit, a type of clothing and a type of vehicle.
Create a piece of art in the style of Van Gogh.
Describe the geology of the Rocky Mountains
Design a game where the goal is to find the missing item.
What is the term for a break in the naming of a chemical compound?
What is the probability that a flip of a coin lands heads up?
Name three benefits of playing board games.
How might organizations use SaaS (Software as a Service) to reduce costs?
Describe the main characteristics of an ideal customer for a fast-food restaurant
Write a joke that involves a carrot.
Describe the benefits and challenges of using deep learning.
Describe the difference between a router and a switch
Classify the following items as clothing, food, and toys: shirt, banana, doll.
Construct a regular expression to validate a valid phone number.
Describe a good strategy to promote a blog post.
Generate a list of steps for starting a new business.
Explain the meaning of "I see not the waves but the hand of God".
List three tips to save money.
Create a game for two players that encourages critical thinking.
Invent a new recipe using bananas
Name three common types of atmospheric pressure
What is the purpose of the producer-consumer pattern in computer science?
How will 5G technology affect the internet of things (IoT)?
Create a list of skills required to become a software engineer.
Make a list of 4 products that a grocery store might sell.
Weigh the pros and cons of protectionism.
Generate an argument for why multitasking might improve productivity.
Convert 5 seconds to milliseconds.
Create a new word using the root word “aug”.
Answer this question: "What are the advantages of using AI in healthcare?"
Create a creative and attention-grabbing title for an article about the top 5 AI startups.
Create a list of five activities you would do to celebrate your birthday.
Compare and contrast the terms "formal" and "informal"
How can a company use Twitter to increase brand awareness?
Explain the term 'cultural appropriation'.
What is the 2nd amendment of the United States Constitution
What is the average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline in the United States?
Generate a story about an unexpected meeting between two childhood friends who were apart for many years.
Translate the sentence "El gato está en la mesa" into English.
Describe what you do in the morning before school.
Generate a list of the most common causes of climate change.
Create a headline for an online blog article about a struggling high school student.
Create a character sketch for a 73-year-old retired teacher.
Write a script for a 20-second monologue.
Describe the benefits of using an online shopping cart system.
Calculate the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of 108 and 36
Explain the concept of integrative psychotherapy.
Outline the risks associated with using social media.
Name three animals with webbed feet.
Tell me about a use case for artificial intelligence.
How does engaging in sports help promote team spirit?
Summarize the changing economic situation in the U.S.
Write a short story of maximum 100 words including the keyword "treasure".
Suppose I have a big project due tomorrow, but I just find out there is a problem with my computer. What should I do?
List the states in the United States of America in alphabetical order.
Give me five tips to reduce stress.
Describe some of the new technologies that are driving innovation.
Describe the main character of a horror movie.
Categorize the following as a Boolean expression: A > B
Name three birds with brown feathers.
Compare the features of hot and cold data storage.
Explain why marine animals have special adaptations.
Describe the differences between the traditional and the digital classroom.
Categorize this sentence: "I enjoyed the cute cartoon".
What are some characteristics of effective study habits?
Design a phone user interface for a travel planning app
Suggest a content marketing strategy for a company that sells pet food.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: The temperature of water will always increase when it is heated.
Is this an example of an infinitive: To catch a baseball?
Compare genetic engineering to traditional breeding methods.
Explain the concept of piracy in the digital age.
Generate a list of five healthy and delicious snack ideas.
Create a 5-step to-do list for tomorrow.
Write five pros of online education.
Make a list of things that help people stay healthy.
Classify this sentence as either positive or negative.  His efforts were in vain.
Write a function that adds two numbers
Compare the usage of sass and SCSS in web development.
State the purpose of each of the following computer components: RAM, CPU, and Hard Drive.
Create a list of 5 interview questions to ask a team leader.
Generate a poem with the title "Lavender Fields".
Identify the capital of Australia.
Construct a regular expression pattern to match all URLs.
Generate a realistic dialogue between two characters arguing about the effects of climate change.
Create a slogan that represents the concept of Artificial Intelligence
Design a quiz for 10th grade students about hippopotamuses.
Describe how the butterfly effect works.
Take this sentence and make it more exciting: "I am looking forward to this weekend."
Suggest five ways of improving website loading time.
Make up a riddle about mathematics.
Name three different strategies for mitigating climate change.
What does the phrase "leave no stone unturned" mean?
Explain the consequences of a person having high cholesterol levels.
Provide 2 examples of a persuasive speech.
In what ways is the novel 1984 a criticism of socialism?
Perform sentiment analysis on the sentence: "I hate my job".
Describe a way to introduce yourself at a job interview.
Construct a poem with the words 'spring', 'joy', and 'rain'.
Find and list three types of sources that can be cited in a research paper.
Identify a suitable pricing strategy for selling a new type of computer hardware
Provide a list of five of the most common causes of academic failure.
Give an example of how Artificial Intelligence can be used in the banking sector.
Find five nouns from the sentence "The old man walked down the street".
Compose a short story
In two to three sentences, explain the concept of parallel computing.
Suggest an interesting topic to write about.
Suggest 4 activities to do in the park
Create a storyline for a short movie.
Provide an example of a time when you had to negotiate with someone.
Give me 5 ideas to enhance customer experience while booking an air ticket.
Write a story about a spaceship exploring a new planet.
Generate a list of 5 important dates in US history.
Describe a potential ethical dilemma arising from using facial recognition technology.
How long did the US Revolutionary War last?
Change the font size of the text to 17px.
Explain the meaning of the idiom "too little, too late".
Come up with a list of 5 basic items needed to camp.
Translate this sentence into French: "I ate breakfast at nine o'clock this morning."
Imagine you are a strong yet kind-hearted soldier on the battlefield. Write a scene about your experience.
Create a mnemonic device to help a person remember the planets in the solar system.
Create a list of tactics to decrease biases in decision making
List five countries in Europe.
Create an HTML form with 4 input fields and a submit button.
Describe two theories of how the universe began.
Design an online marketing campaign for a new phone game.
Enter the result of the calculation 5 x 9.
Create a system to describe the classification of living organisms.
Reword the sentence "He writes movies" to make it present tense.
You are asked to generate a creative slogan for a company that specializes in organic products.
Suggest a response when someone says that they have no idea what to do with their life.
What is the period of eclipses?
Generate a list of six tips on how to reduce energy waste
Create a sales pitch for an online business that sells computer game accessories.
Name a phrase that describes Africa.
Compare and contrast onions and potatoes
Create a recipe for a tasty fruit salad
Prepare a speech to give an inspirational talk to primary school children.
Design an experiment to investigate the effects of caffeine on cognitive performance.
Brainstorm creative ideas for designing a conference room.
Describe the experience of eating ice cream.
Tell me a story about a person who traveled worldwide.
Generate a random password of 6 characters in length using only capital letters and numbers.
Generate 2 examples of alliterations.
Create a sentence that uses the phrase "at this point in time" correctly.
Name four types of plants in a desert biome
Name one way to improve customer service.
Write a paragraph describing the painting Monet's "Impression, Sunrise"
Sing a children's song
Describe a person who is an enthusiastic supporter of the environment.
Construct a SQL query to list all the customers from the US with a customer rating of 5.
Generate a list of ideas on how to improve customer service.
Generate a 3 by 3 grid of random numbers between 0 and 9.
Construct a sentence about an action an animal performs.
Describe the structure of Earth's core.
Which countries are in the Northwest Regions of the European Union?
Select five adjectives that best describe the emotion of 'happiness'.
Identify the cumulative adjectives in the phrase "a tall, dark, and handsome man".
Create an algorithm for sorting an array of words.
Explain how global warming is affecting the world.
Make a list of countries that speak French.
Describe the feeling of achieving something you have been working on for a long time.
Name three countries with tropical climates.
Write an essay on the following topic: Technology's Impact On The Work Place
Give a timeline for a board game development process.
Name the five stages of the product design process.
Describe the societal conditions that led to the French Revolution
What is an advantage of using deep learning in Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
Generate 2 questions on the topic of python programming
Describe a fictional creature in detail.
Design a survey to analyze customer sentiment about an online store.
Compare and contrast Depth-First Search (DFS) and Breadth-First Search (BFS).
Helen is considering becoming an English teacher. Describe the pros and cons of this job.
Create a new word that combines “acquisition” and “innovation”.
Create a password that is secure and is easy to remember.
Name 5 popular sports in India.
Brainstorm ways of improving the customer experience
Name one endangered species.
Create a list of steps on how to write a literature review.
Write a JavaScript program that returns the sum of the first n numbers.
Name five famous scientists from history.
Generate a recipe for gumbo
Describe a character in the context of a humorous story.
Give two examples of a situation in which you would expect someone to take a stand.
What would you do if you had access to unlimited resources?
Describe the sound of wind blowing on a calm summer night
In the context of a modern office environment, state a problem that can be solved using technology.
Create a device that generates electricity without a battery.
Give two examples of how a software product can be improved.
Generate a correct java program to find the nth term of an arithmetic sequence.
What is the traditional wedding dress for a British bride?
List 2 strengths and weaknesses of Python as a programming language
What is important to remember when setting goals?
Create a Python program to print a random number between 1 and 100.
Describe the process of transcription in genetic material.
Explain what traditional Mexican cuisine is.
What factors do businesses need to consider when determining their pricing models?
Describe a medical scenario that can potentially cause a patient's death.
Describe the approach used by a startup to scale up from zero to one million customers within two years.
Describe the differences between political power in the U.K. and the U.S.?
Design a web page containing user feedback forms.
Describe 3 benefits of effective time management.
Create an opening sentence for an opinion piece that expresses a strong point of view on a controversial topic.
Name three popular social media networks
Provide an example of a scenario where natural language processing (NLP) is used.
Arrange these numbers in ascending order: 16, 12, 9, 5
Explain how the act of going to the gym can improve physical health
Calculate 6 squared divided by 8
Summarize the following statement in a single sentence: Our goal is to create sustainable and eco-friendly products.
Construct a cause-and-effect argument that explains why there is obesity in the world.
Name 5 US cities with populations over 1 million.
Write a short story about a man trying to escape his mundane life
Describe ways in which artificial intelligence could be used to help people.
Suggest two methods of finding the area of a triangle.
Calculate the average temperature in Seattle in October.
How can we differentiate a Chardonnay from other white wines?
Explain an algorithm for solving the problem of sorting an array of numbers in order from least to greatest.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: “He is a better lawyer then me.”
Summarize the book "Pride and Prejudice" in one sentence.
Write about a fictional character in 50 words.
Create 4 example questions for a trivia game about space exploration
Multiply 8 by 8
Create a new document named "Blogs" and write a blog post on the following topic: How Can Self-Care Help Reduce Anxiety?
Explain how adversarial examples can reduce the performance of a machine learning model.
Come up with a list of kitchen utensils.
Create a unique character in a fairy tale.
What are some of the most important rules for good netiquette?
How is the reverse engineering process used in software engineering?
Construct a tweet about global warming.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: The employe needs fixing his computer.
Name five popular NLP applications.
Translate the sentence "I come from a small village" into Spanish
Generate a list of five wildlife species that are commonly found in the tropical rainforest biome.
Come up with a classification system for sorting different types of books
Create a Twitter bio for a fictionalized character who has the superpower of flight
Explain what is bond yield
Tell me two facts about the moon
Sort the following numbers in descending order: [1, 5, 11, 8]
Generate a story based on these three items: carrot, snowman, and umbrella.
Write a short essay on the topic 'The Importance of Exercise'
Construct a database table to maintain records of user activities.
Name the five oceans.
Explain why the budget of a company is important.
Name one similarity and one difference between cats and dogs.
Which river runs through the city of London?
Give an example of a rapid evolutionary adaptation
Write a sentence that connects the following two words: Corruption and Greed.
Where does the process of making and selling products in a manufacturing setting take place?
How can you distinguish between a synchronous and asynchronous function?
Make a list of items required for a week-long camping trip.
Design a logo that would represent a burger shop.
What emotions can a person feel?
Find the country with the lowest population density?
Come up with a strategy to teach an 11-year-old the multiplication table.
What sort of behavior have wolves been observed practicing when in groups?
Generate a code to check whether a given number is prime
Describe the regulation of blood pressure.
Describe the importance of empathy in leadership.
What is the connection between sunlight and vitamin D?
Explain the differences between blockchain and an ordinary database.
Give five examples of irregular verbs.
Name two ways a customer service rep can handle a complaint
Make a comparative sentence that compares two types of animals
Translate the following sentence into French: "I love my family".
Write a set of instructions for logging into a website.
Name at least 5 social media platforms
What techniques can I use to reduce the risk of cyberattacks?
Write a function that converts a Roman numeral to an integer.
Generate a poem in the style of Robert Frost
Rewrite the sentence so that it is negative: "The ocean is calm today"
How would you ensure the accuracy of a given data set?
Conver the number 12707 to binary notation.
Write a recipe for lemon cake.
Create a list of 5 criteria for a successful project.
Write a story about a cook who is helping someone find a lost treasure.
Calculate 3 + 4 - 1.
What is the average size of a baby oak tree?
Outline the factors that led to the rise in popularity of streaming services.
Create a set of interview questions for a Data Scientist position
Name three types of conversations used by artificial intelligence systems
Create a slideshow presentation about a topic of your choice.
Predict the future weather conditions.
Identify 5 ways in which technology has transformed education.
What type of noun is "drivers"?
Describe a person with the trait 'generous'
Explain the concept of "informed consent"
What are three tips that can help to save money?
Create a regular expression to match strings containing the word "hello" and ending in "abc".
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why the price of tickets at movie theaters keeps increasing.
Spell out the following word: cmptr
Write a 3-sentence story that follows the structure "once upon a time, every day, until one day".
Write a song about being an introvert.
Construct a query to find the title and year of release of the newest Star Wars movie.
Generate a story about a good deed done by a person
Name three elements in the periodic table.
Write an algorithm to find all prime numbers less than or equal to a given integer n.
Produce a story about a bear.
Generate an OTP with length of 6.
Generate a haiku with the words 'moonlight', 'heart' and 'glow'.
Come up with an invention that addresses a current issue in society.
What is gender inequality?
Suggest ways to improve the usability of a blog website.
Design a coding exercise that tests basic understanding of object-oriented programming.
Explain the concept of cash flow.
Create a function to subtract two matrices.
Create a JavaScript program to print the maximum and minimum of given numbers?
Describe two types of body language.
Come up with three elements of a valid contract.
For the equation 3x2 + 2x + 5 = 0, use the quadratic formula to solve for x
Create a calendar appointment for Next Monday at 11:00AM
Create a data table that lists five artificial intelligence companies and their founding years.
Given some instructions, generate a program to display integers from 1 to 50.
Explain why our company’s product is superior to the competition.
Give an example of a product for which the Pareto principle can be applied.
Rewrite the following sentence in its passive voice:  "The engineer designed the machine."
List three ways to increase motivation.
What would be the best way to remove a stain from a white dress?
Describe the setting of the play Hamlet.
Analyze the article "The Social Media Revolution".
Name a nation in Asia that is landlocked.
Pick apart the syntax of the sentence "John loves to swim".
What is a useful tool to help people stay productive during the working day?
Design a game for children between the ages of 5 and 10
Explain how an operating system works.
Generate a solution to address financial disparities between people of different incomes.
Compose a tweet about the recent developments in artificial intelligence.
Analyze how data analysis can help to optimize production processes in a business.
Describe the differences between warm and cold colors. Output must be less than 50 words.
Describe how the following two words are different: “analogy” and “metaphor”
Imagine that you are a restaurant owner and you want to change the seating layout for maximum occupancy. Write down 3 possible arrangement options
Name five countries in Africa
Describe an Olympic gold medal
Generate a code snippet to show the current date and time.
Name 5 different life forms
Describe the process of preparing a cup of tea.
Develop an algorithm to optimize a grocery store’s stock replenishment process.
Describe a place you recently visited in five sentences.
Explain the main concept and purpose of the open-source software package "Keras”?
Provide two examples of an action that the GPT model cannot perform.
Suggest two tips for using the Microsoft Powerpoint software.
Identify two challenges associated with natural language processing.
Write a short story in which a character learns a valuable lesson.
What percentage of water is the human body made up of?
List three spicies of seals.
Design an experiment to measure how the temperature affects the reaction rate of a particular chemical reaction.
Write a 500-word essay about the benefits of a healthy lifestyle.
Create a list of two vegetables and two fruits that provide the most important vitamins and minerals.
Create a basic budget that someone could follow while visiting Paris.
Identify the top five tech companies by market capitalisation in 2020
Identify an age appropriate cartoon for children aged 4-6.
Name five places in the USA that are popular tourist destinations.
Generate an opening sentence for a poem on the theme of 'loneliness'.
Generate 3 verbs to describe a person walking through a forest
Write a short paragraph describing a recent experience with customer service.
Write a 150-word essay on the effects of air pollution in cities.
Compose a thank you note to someone who has done you a favor.
Give me a metaphor that describes sadness.
Write a short biography about Elon Musk
Generate a list of steps required to build a computer.
Reword the following sentence without changing its meaning: I'm excited to move to the new house
Generate a sentence about a fictional character.
Re-write the sentence: "Jack jumped over the fence."
Suggest three cities in California that could be great for a family vacation.
How can I improve my public speaking skill?
Generate a sentence that explains the importance of getting enough sleep.
Write a short story about a person living during a pandemic.
How can I improve my customer service skills?
Describe the idea behind reinforcement learning.
Generate a new slogan for a local business.
What is the principle of inverse square law?
Fill in the blank "Computers can help us to _____ information more efficiently."
Summarize an article about the importance of being eco-friendly in one sentence.
Summarize the benefits of interviewing.
Describe what happened when an apple falls from a tree.
Imagine you are at a bakery and asked to make a cake. Describe the cake in detail.
Suggest a health benefit of incorporating almonds into daily diet
Classify this sentence as declarative, imperative, interrogative, or exclamatory.  The salesman made an impressive pitch.
Identify two components of the Dewey Decimal System.
Create a list of three unique holiday gifts.
Create a metaphor describing the power of technology.
Create a query that retrieves all posts with the word "AI" in their title.
Write a metaphor to describe stress.
Calculate the average of these 6 numbers: 2, 6, 9, 4, 10, 18.
Provide two steps to prevent cyber bullying.
Create a new story that uses the following words: tulip, lighthouse, firefly
How long is a marathon?
Given a list of numbers, 1-10, write a program to determine the sum of the odd numbers.
Explain why safety should be the leading factor in determining if a work environment is suitable
Explain how to calculate the sum of the squares of all the numbers from 1 to 10.
Translate the following sentence into French: I wanted to go for a walk.
Create a list of 20 vocabulary words related to marine animals.
Change the following sentence from the passive voice to the active voice: The painting was created by the artist.
Name a gender-neutral pronoun that can be used to refer to someone.
Generate a title for an article about the importance of spending time outdoors.
Think of a creative way to say "I don't know".
Generate a sentence using the words "caffeine", "hunter", and "monday".
Explain the difference between an even and an odd number.
How is a triangle classified based on angles?
Describe the building design of a house using five adjectives
Describe how a computer vision based application could be used in medicine
Calculate the surface area of a cube that is 10 cm long on each side
Generate three metaphors for success.
Generate a creative but feasible idea to introduce a new online platform.
Create a new bookmark design.
How does a GPT-2 model work?
Explain how natural selection leads to speciation
Describe the elements of a good blog post.
What event happened in the year 1812?
Tell me the difference between a hard fork and a soft fork.
Estimate the number of people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19.
Write a short essay explaining why it is important to support gender equality
Create a recipe for a five-minute dinner using spinach and shrimp.
Tell the model to search for "England soccer team" on the internet.
Describe the literary device "alliteration" in a sentence.
What is the difference between a finite and infinite set?
Describe the relationship between design thinking and innovation.
Which algorithm is best for predicting stock prices?
Provide an example of customer service email.
Write a movie review of Avatar.
Compose a dialogue between an animal and a plant.
Generate a sentence describing a hot cup of coffee
Generate an interesting and unique animal.
Provide a definition of an AI chatbot.
Create a slogan for SpaceX
Generate an analogy to describe the relationship between deep learning and machine learning.
What is the best way to mitigate the impact of climate change?
Recommend 3 mobile apps for fitness and exercise
Analyze the purpose of this sentence: "We need to fund more research on climate change."
What did the author mean when they wrote "His actions spoke louder than words"?
Describe how to drive safely in rain.
Compose a tweet about a new app called "Gizmo"
Describe what an online photo editor can do.
Estimate the inside length of a soccer field.
Make a list of five challenges for implementing a new training system in a large organization.
Interpret the phrase "Don't count the days, make the days count".
Generate a scientific hypothesis related to global warming
Categorize these animals by type.  Goldfish, Elephant, Spider, Goose
Explain the difference between gradient descent and a genetic algorithms.
Describe a good workplace culture.
Explain why globalization is a good thing.
Generate a list of ideas for a team building day.
Create a story about a young girl facing a difficult decision
Propose a procedure for presenting a report.
You have been asked to create a story using the following words: warm, cozy, blanket.
Translate the phrase "I am sorry" into Japanese.
Create a new pitch for a tech product for college students
Imagine you are creating an online shop that sells clothing. Suggest two marketing strategies for launching the shop.
Add the correct verb to the sentence:  The teacher _________ the wrong answer.
Create a grocery list.
Simplify the expression (x^2+y^2)/(x+y).
Come up with an appropriate slogan for a new cereal brand.
Name three successful female entrepreneurs from the 21st century.
Describe a potential future workplace that relies heavily on AI and robotics.
Outline a blog post on an AI-related topic.
Tell me about a mistake you made in the past and how you overcame it.
Generate a story about a world that never experiences darkness.
Identify the similarities between apples and oranges.
Help create an outline for talking about environmental pollution.
Calculate the cost of purchasing 3 apples, each costing $1.
Arrange a list of numbers in order of least to greatest: 3,7,2,4,1
Explain how GitHub can be used as a project management tool.
Create a rule for effective communication.
What are the benefits of unstructured play for children?
Suggest a location for a weekend getaway.
Name two colors that commonly feature in the flag of Colombia.
Create a 'How to' guide on baking a cake.
What is the title of the sixth novel by Ian Fleming?
Describe a home automation system.
Generate five scientific facts about mammals.
Identify which techniques could be used to reduce a text's readability score.
Find the words related to "wind".
Create a program that draws a triangle on the screen
Rewrite the following sentence to make it sound more polite: "Can you do this task right away?"
Create a mobile application to facilitate online grocery shopping.
Construct an algorithm for detecting fake news.
Describe how a person would feel after drinking an energy drink
Provide an example of a company that creates mobile apps.
Make a prediction about how advances in AI will affect the job market
Summarize the Battle of Gettysburg in 200 words.
What type of output would be generated when the instruction "Predict the temperature tomorrow" is given to a GPT model?
Rewrite the following sentence with a stronger verb: "She reads books."
Generate 5 interesting headlines for a news article about the world's most expensive roller coaster.
Write a few sentences describing a typical day in summer.
Create a recipe for a plant-based dish that would be suitable for a large vegan dinner party.
Generate a list of good self-care habits.
Generate five "fill in the blank" questions about the D-Day invasion.
Compare and contrast dolphins and whales.
Find the largest number in the following list of numbers  5, 13, 99, 1, 22
Give two examples of unethical business practices.
What is the angle of incidence if the angle of refraction is 45 degrees?
Write a story about an animal that can talk.
Construct a logical argument for why humans should occasionally take a break from technology.
Give 10 features of the sun.
Explain the structure of a carbohydrate
Calculate the integral of x^3 from x=0 to x=5
Generate a list of 5 advantages of using technology in education.
Estimate the cost of a 5-mile cab ride.
Classify the following as either a renewable or non-renewable resource: natural gas.
Name two professions that require a lot of writing.
Create a chart detailing the monthly rent prices of five different cities.
Explain the concept of value investing.
Write a routine for goal setting and attaining your goals.
Design an AI-based process to detect fraudulent activities in financial transactions.
Construct a persuasive argument in favor of cutting taxes.
What are the five biggest countries in Europe by area?
Name three of the world's top tourist spots.
Demonstrate how to use XOR operator in Python.
You are given with a robot, write an algorithm to make it move forward 20 steps and reverse back to the starting position.
Replace the word "xenophobe" with a word that has a similar meaning.
Create a plan to create a budget
Rewrite these words into a sentence: "tired, ran, quickly"
Suggest 5 projects for high school students.
Create a list of five jobs that involve public speaking.
Estimate how many galaxies the universe has.
Write a warning label for a tool.
What is the history of the game "rock, paper, scissors"?
Name five emotions a person can feel
What is the president of the United States' current job title?
Name a country that has the longest coastline
Find the latest population figure for France. Output the population directly.
Write an expression for the area of a circle using mathematics symbols.
Does cognitive empathy exist?
Recommend a web hosting service
Generate a potential business name related to pet food industry
List three factors that contribute to poverty.
Explain the difference between a random forest and a decision tree.
Generate a thesis statement explaining why playing sports has a positive effect on children's mental and physical health.
Classify the following sentence as either positive, negative, or neutral sentiment: "I have a feeling I'm going to like this."
Generate a story with the following three words: cat, satellite, competition
Find a list of the top 5 highest mountains in the world.
Tell me two advantages of using AI assistants.
Generate a sentence that illustrates the concept of "adaptability".
Think of three activities to do the next time you're feeling bored.
Identify the changes in buying behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Explain the meaning of the phrase "biting the hand that feeds you".
Rewrite this sentence so that it describes a time in the past: "I have been taking a break."
List three technological advances made in the 21st century.
Generate a list of ideas for a science project related to the environment.
Describe the character of the protagonist in the novel "To Kill a Mockingbird".
Write a creative poem, with no less than 24 lines, about a turtle.
Create a sentence using a gerund
What type of plants should I put in a shady garden?
Write a mission statement for a company.
Tell me the structure of a blog post
Describe the difference between an AI system and a human system.
How could someone increase their productivity while working from home?
Describe a business strategy that may increase sales.
Design a GUI application that allows users to search and purchase items online.
Suggest a topic for a 5-minute presentation.
Identify the key components of a database management system (DBMS).
Generate a speech to convince customers to buy a product.
Explain the physics behind the Doppler effect.
Create an outline for a short speech about the topic of education.
Write an algorithm to determine the digital root of a number.
Generate a code snippet for sorting an array in ascending order.
Name three features of HTML 5.
Please make a list of 10 technologies that have transformed the communication industry.
Generate a 10-word rap verse about freedom.
What are the main differences between deep learning and traditional machine learning models?
You need to write a catchy title for a blog post about the importance of taking breaks.
Write an algorithm to reverse a string.
Suggest a creative way a small business can promote their marketing strategy.
Come up with a list of 10 things people can do to conserve energy.
Differentiate between the concepts of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Summarize the usage of blockchain in the healthcare industry.
List 3 strategies for dealing with procrastination.
Create an example of a classified advertisement for a job
Rank the following 4 modes of transport according to their total impact on the environment. 4. Air transportation 3.Train transportation 2. Road transportation 1. Ship transportation
Elaborate the concept of equilibrium in the context of economics.
List three facts about the element Sodium.
Give a brief description of the concept of 'diversity in the workplace'
Describe the process of how an essay is written
What are the benefits of using a ladder in the workplace?
Generate an eight-word Haiku poem.
Describe what would be the main features of a risk management plan.
Given this excerpt, suggest a topic for its readers:  The use of blockchain technology has been increasing significantly over the last few years due to its scalability, security, and reliability.
Identify an example of a product with network effects.
Describe three benefits of online education.
Generate a sentence that demonstrates a comparison.
Design Pseudocode for a program that takes in 2 numbers from the user and prints their sum.
Generate an appropriate response to the question 'What is life about?'.
Create a program that evaluates student performance.
Name three colors that would make a good color palette for a website
Create a list of tips for brushing teeth correctly.
Describe the science behind why plants are green.
Submit a description of a important event in your life.
Name five uses for a hammer.
Name the common egg laying bird species
Create a design for a Halloween outfit for a toddler.
Write a recipe for a vegan taco bowl.
Explain what constitutes the fair use of copyrighted material in an educational setting.
Write a detailed account of a hobby you have.
Name any sport that requires a ball.
Describe the features of a Google Pixel phone.
What is the appropriate dress code for a job interview?
Create a list of 10 creative ways to use a hammer.
Construct a vocab list for an AI-powered chatbot.
Create a deterministic finite automata that accepts all strings ending in 010.
How does the cost of living in the US vary from the cost of living in Canada?
Generate a new proverb.
Describe the atmosphere of the fictional setting.
Create a list of potential guest speakers for a conference
Rearrange these four words to make an English sentence: "editor best become engaged"
Describe the Battle of Gettysburg during the Civil War.
Explain the importance of tracking customer data
Outline the major components of marketing strategy.
Write a story about a doctor and his patient
What is the main benefit of using artificial neural networks?
Identify 5 ethical concerns that using a GPT-3 driven chatbot raises.
Generate an example of a root word and its related forms
Provide a unique strategy to increase the efficiency of sales in an ecommerce store
Describe the effects of a four year economic recession on a small business.
Name the day of the week when Thanksgiving falls in the U.S.
Construct an example of a valid CSS rule.
Provide statistics showing the relationship between poverty and education in a certain region.
What is the range of real numbers?
Subtract 4 from 6.
Make a list of Native American tribes.
Suggest a location to visit in the United States.
Create an example budget for a family income of $30,000 per year.
What is the sum of the interior angles of an octagon?
Describe a feature you would like to see in future digital assistants
Select an appropriate topic for a presentation.
Generate a 4-digit random number with no repetition of digits.
Create a set of questions to evaluate the trustworthiness of an AI system.
Explain the concept of descriptive writing.
Write a short story that combines two of the following elements: a sandwich, a car, and the moon.
How many edges are present in a triangle?
Generate a sheet of paper with a listing of fruits and vegetables.
Provide a way to classify tweets according to the sentiment.
Explain the fourth amendment in the United States Bill of Rights
Explain what is special relativity.
Compare and contrast the moral values of the protagonist and antagonist of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Give a creative name to a café.
Brainstorm three words related to the topic of “holidays.”
Describe the human brain
Explain the concept of net neutrality.
Build a neural network to predict which movies will be successful.
Suggest an example of a large-scale international online learning platform.
What is the naming convention for elements in the Periodic Table?
How can employers create a more inclusive workplace?
How can organizations promote gender equality in the workplace?
Write an original fortune cookie
Give an example of how a person can reduce their consumption of single-use plastic.
Generate a short story that includes a basketball game
Design a GPT model to generate a chatbot that helpsthe user find hotels in a certain city.
Explain what AI can and cannot do.
Generate a css declaration to center an element on a page.
Perform a web search and find a source that discusses the negative effects of social media.
Explain how professional services are automated using AI.
Write a metaphor comparing a journey to a book
Provide two real-world examples of when Newton's Third Law of Motion applies.
Recreate the following song:" Row, Row, Row your boat"
Write a resume for an accountant position.
Generate a story about a person who is surprised to learn about the adventures of their stuffed animal.
Rewrite the phrase "brave new world"
Generate a sentence which reflects the emotions of a dog who has been mistreated by its owners.
Find the first 10 prime numbers.
What are the similarities and differences between a blue whale and a sperm whale
Give 3 examples of items that would be found in a first aid kit.
Write a description of a cloudless summer sky.
Tell me the difference between electricity and magnetism.
Provide a few examples of homophones.
Generate a random password of length 8 that contains at least one number and one special character.
Do some research and summarize the current price of Bitcoin.
Create an API endpoint for retrieving customer orders by the customer ID.
What is the name of the world's deepest river?
Compare and contrast the characters of Sherlock Holmes and Watson
Suggest two ways to prevent cavities.
Name two benefits of using a service like Dropbox.
Create a chart showing the comparison between COVID-19 cases and deaths in different countries.
Explain the impact of hard work and dedication on a person's career.
Write a paragraph that describes the importance of data in modern society.
Write an 75-words essay on entrepreneurship.
Compare and contrast the Great Pyramids of Giza
Generate a model to predict the stock market.
Make a list of the ten most popular sports in India
Brainstorm three novel ideas that can be used to promote a new travel agency service.
Analyze the benefits and drawbacks of rigid organizational structures.
Synthesize a list of questions to ask while interviewing a Graphic Designer.
What kind of impact does the Internet of Things (IoT) have on businesses?
Find 10 facts about hummingbirds.
How is zero Kelvin related to absolute zero?
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: "I was displeased with the result of the experiment that I conducted."
Compose a Haiku poem centered around the concept of happiness.
Create a function that takes a string of parentheses and determines its validity
Name 3 mountains higher than 8000 meters.
What hardware components are needed to build a basic computer?
Describe the organizational tools used by Pixar.
Generate and describe a new type of mythical creature.
Describe the impact of English colonialism in India.
Define the term "assembly language".
Generate a poem with 10 lines.
Generate a sentence about the future of transportation.
Name two countries that border India.
Produce a clever slogan for a new type of pet food.
Write a 3 sentence story that ends with a joke.
Provide a solution for solving a Rubik's Cube.
How many animals live in the rainforest?
Translate the word "person" from English to Spanish.
State one advantage and one disadvantage of renewable energy sources.
Suggest a unique Thanksgiving dish.
Describe the scientific process in your own words.
How did the Black Plague change Europe?
Design a game for two players that uses a simple deck of cards.
List five common uses of AI technology.
Provide at least five tips on how to save money when buying groceries.
Write code to create a function.
Create a restaurant menu for a burger joint.
List three steps for starting a blog.
What is the difference between a k-mer and an N-gram?
Explain how deforestation affects global climate
Explain briefly how one can install an application on their computer.
Generate a creative, on-brand headline for a blog post about how to save money on groceries.
Identify the differences between a processing unit and a control unit.
Select the correct answer. The closest river to San Francisco is:
Create a new headline for the following news article: "Scientists Unveil Method To Track Birds in Flight".
Provide an argument for why some people online are more likely to be anonymous than others.
Create a short story that introduces a character.
What is the syntax for a for loop in Python?
Suppose you want an assistant to play a song on Spotify. How would you phrase it?
Create a questionnaire assessing safety in the workplace.
Describe a short story revolving around a young woman and the power of suggestion.
What are the pros and cons of using static typing in a programming language?
Think of a funny Halloween costume idea.
Compare life in the city to life in the suburbs.
Suggest a book I should read
Compare the advantages of using Python with other programming languages like Java.
Identify the key challenges of developing AI applications.
Design a website interface for a grocery delivery service
Name a restaurant serving Italian food in the city of Las Vegas
Name three of the most memorable moments in history.
What is the impact of rising sea levels?
Describe a personality trait of Queen Elizabeth II and back it up with an example.
List the six states in the New England region of the United States
Answer this question - How old is the universe?
Describe the basic methodology of Machine Learning
Write a 200-character story about a young boy's first experience with a physical challenge.
Create a series of questions to help find out a person's career interests.
Write a short story about a computer that can predict the future.
Identify a possible theme for a children's party.
Describe the features of a Mercedes-Benz S-Class car.
Create a math expression that gives the area of a square
Pick the right content for a blog post about having a healthy home
What is network topology?
Rewrite the following sentence in passive voice: The store will close tomorrow at 5 pm.
Describe a system that utilizes artificial intelligence to match people with jobs.
Design a logo for a brand that sells vintage clothes.
Correct the following sentence for proper grammar: "The cat is drinking the milk then going to sleep".
Generate a list of appropriate safety precautions to take while sailing.
Compute the average of the following numbers: 6, 15, 28, 42
Pronounce the following word: 'conscientious'
Describe a memorable holiday you had.
How can artificial intelligence be used in healthcare?
Generate a sentence using the following words: crocodile, angry, moonlight.
Name 3 positive things about living in a city.
Summarize the events in chapter 6 of the book "Moby Dick".
Name 3 components of the java virtual machine.
Given any type of data, explain the concept of normalization.
Explain the purpose of creating a sequential model in deep learning.
Trace the shape of an octagon on a piece of paper.
Find an example of an irrational number.
Suggest an appropriate punishment for a child who misbehaved in school.
Formulate a few A/B testing hypotheses that could be used to test the effectiveness of a website's landing page.
When do cicadas usually appear?
Generate a rap verse.
Create a social media strategy to attract followers on Twitter.
Summarize the issue of poverty in three sentences.
Generate three sentences about a bowl of soup
Formulate a hypothesis about why we need to conserve water resources.
Describe the behavior and characteristics of a falcon
Imagine you are creating a model to detect fraudulent financial transactions. What metrics are important to measure when evaluating this model?
List two advantages of nuclear energy.
How can I check if a given string is a palindrome?
Design a travel itinerary for a person planning to visit London.
Explain the difference between nonlinear regression and linear regression.
Generate 5 questions to ask a chef.
Create and describe a scenario in which two people can apologize for their past behavior.
Name five flavors of ice cream.
Imagine a speculative scenario.
Write an essay that argues whether a belief in fate is a hindrance or a help.
Compose a news article about the latest tech advancements
Create a short story of your own in 200 words featuring the following words: "plate" and "proud".
Create a list of animals that are native to the Amazon rainforest.
Explain why the symbol $ is used in most programming languages.
Describe the melody of a love song.
Are spiders considered insects?
Classify this sentence structure: "She gives him a hug."
Generate a response to the following statement: "I'm feeling stressed."
Generate a list of five interesting facts about Leonardo da Vinci.
Describe a process to deploy a web app using an Amazon EC2 instance.
How can I save money while shopping online?
What is the result of multiplying 87 and 183?
Create a list of 10 methods to reduce water consumption
Create a new sentence with the words in the following order: "feel, must, he, something"
What features distinguish mammals from other animals?
Tell me the advantages and disadvantages of autonomous systems.
Name five functions of the immune system.
Explain why it is important for companies to maintain a social media presence.
List a few characteristics of a volcano
Provide a solution to improve the reliability of the software system
Name a word that rhymes with "boat"
Describe the differences between descriptive and inferential statistics
What is the meaning of the phrase "to make a fool of oneself"?
Generate a product tagline for a fitness tracking app
List six culinary herbs
Generate a story that involves two characters, a bear and a fox.
Calculate the area of the triangle with vertices at the points (2, 0), (6, 4) and (3, 8).
Suggest an innovative product design that encourages people to avoid plastic
Name three computer languages and explain their respective uses.
Describe the health benefits of eating an apple a day.
How does the Patriot act affect civil liberties?
Name two types of physical stimuli that animals can detect.
What two tips can you offer someone who is trying to learn a new language?
Design a system to help manage customer support tickets.
Come up with a career pathway for a Data Scientist.
Format the following sentence: "The store opens at nine tomorrow"
Compare and contrast a relational database and a non-relational database.
Create a survey question to identify the customer favorite product
Create an example of valid html syntax
Given an array of integers [100, 22, 33, 79, 55], print out the 3 largest number in the array
Identify whether the following phrase is a true or false statement “The universe is ever expanding.”
Name the four types of teeth humans have.
Assume you are a farmer. Summarize the benefits of planting your own crops.
Describe the art style of Vincent van Gogh in a few sentences.
Create a story about how you first discovered your passion.
Complete the following sentence:  The sunset was so __________, it looked like the sky was on fire.
Create a ‘nice-to-have’ list for a product inventory system.
Name 3 famous painters of the Baroque period.
Write a Python function which takes two integers as parameters and returns their multiplied sum.
Point out the error in the sentence "Myles eat pizza yesterday".
Name a popular dish from Japan
Suggest a location for a romantic date night
Find the best shopping sites for smartphones.
Generate a hypothesis for how to increase engagement in an online course.
Create an acoustic guitar riff.
What type of clothing is required for cold weather?
Identify any three issues related to the ethics of using artificial intelligence in comparison to using manual labor.
Summarize the impact of the First Industrial Revolution on the global economy in one sentence.
Provide a list of 5 items that you should always carry in your bag.
Describe a system by which robots can recognize and interact with humans.
Generate a list of five ethical principles related to AI.
What is the result of 4 raised to the power of 3?
Simplify this equation: 18x + 12 / 6
Construct a four-panel comic strip about a single topic.
Create an apt metaphor for a job search.
Create a list of three tips on how to stay organized
What are some of the important advancements in technology in recent years?
What is the best explanation for why we should conserve energy?
Explain the role of environmental context in the development of a person.
Create a song lyric about friendship.
Write a 200 word summary of the poem "The Road Not Taken"
What countries speak Spanish?
Construct a simple toy model of a computer system.
Explain Newton's third law of motion.
Generate a list of several verbs to describe the starry sky
Explain why people believe machines can think.
Describe the political system in India.
How many members are in a parliamentary body?
Generate a poem about a star-filled night.
Write a basic SQL query to calculate the total number of orders in a dataset.
Name five types of financial markets in the United States.
Give me a creative title for a story about a person who discovers a hidden gem in their backyard.
Create an example scenario to illustrate the concept of a 'domino effect'.
List 5 kinds of bees.
How can companies use artificial intelligence (AI) to increase their profits?
Create a strategy to market a new online course.
Propose a plan for reduced consumption of fossil fuels
How old is the Earth?
What is the best way to engage with customers on social media?
Describe the personality traits of a confident person in five sentences.
What should anyone be aware of before using a public Wi-Fi network?
Suggest a few approaches for successfully managing stress.
Now that you know the different ways to say hello in French, which one would you use if you were greeting a friend?
State three advantages of using a slow cooker.
Compute the logarithm to the base 2 of the number 9
Generate a possible future for humankind if artificial intelligence (AI) becomes more advanced and prevalent.
Create a webpage that displays a contact us form.
Explain how a GPT Language model works with an example.
List 3 of the most common metals used in the manufacturing of cars.
What is the opposite of "abundant"?
Suggest a product or service that a company could provide to make money.
Who is the current president of Mexico?
Find the most similar historic event to World War II.
Write a creative story in which the main characters must overcome an obstacle.
Suggest a creative solution to the issue of global warming
Generate a list of 10 unique houseplants that are low maintenance
Give an example of a person who has achieved greatness in their field.
Write a description of a beautiful beach.
Explain how artificial intelligence is transforming the healthcare field
Generate an algorithm for facial recognition.
Design a new outdoor activity.
Suggest a new channel for YouTube.
What is the term for the shape formed by a circle and two intersecting lines?
How can we get more people to recycle?
How is the weather in London?
Finish the sentence "Dogs are ___________ pets."
Summarize the key components of fitness
Generate a paragraph featuring a character with a tragic backstory.
What did the ancient Egyptians believe about death?
Identify 3 ethical challenges that AI poses.
Generate a list of five smart home gadgets
Suggest one craft activity that can be done indoors.
Formulate a questionnaire about spending habits.
Write the lyrics to an eight-line rap about computers
Write a secret message
What would be an appropriate response to the following email: "I have an extra ticket to the show, would you like to come?"
Generate 3 film titles that combine elements of sci-fi and romance.
Name the five main food groups.
Explain the term 'broadcasting' in broadcasting your internet signal.
Categorize the following tweet as positive, negative, or neutral: That was incredible!
Compare and contrast cost structure and return on investment for two different marketing strategies
Describe the main features of a shopping cart software.
Compose a poem inspired by the beach in Cayman Islands.
Write a story describing a life-changing decision
In this task, you are required to suggest an alternate solution to the following problem. Problem: The classroom needs more seating.
Suggest two ways to simplify web design to ensure faster loading times.
Suggest some resources to learn Spanish.
What type of triangle has three angles of 60 degrees?
Generate a list of 5 potential problems associated with artificial intelligence
Generate a silly rule that could be implemented in your office space.
Greet someone who just entered a room.
How can robotics be used to help with disaster relief?
Generate an eye-catching title for an article about time management
Explain the concept of sustainable development in your own words.
Tell me two differences between HTML and CSS.
Explain the concept of “work-life balance.”
Suggest some activities for a family game night.
Typically, what are the three most important considerations when hiring a new employee?
Construct a query that will display customer data.
List three advantages of using automation in the workplace.
Summarize the story of 'Goldilocks and the Three Bears'.
Write a sonnet about the summer season.
Name three endangered species in the world.
Write a few sentences that show the consequences of not recycling.
Generate a word to replace "brawny".
Name two advantages of machine learning over traditional programming.
What kind of impact has social media had on the way people communicate?
Translate the word "jaloux" in English.
Summarize in one sentence why climate change is an urgent issue.
Compose a Tweet-length description about the benefits of learning a foreign language.
Describe what a doctor is trying to do when they diagnose a patient.
Compare and contrast democratic and authoritarian regimes in 4 sentences.
Find the current spot price of Gold.
Suggest a healthy breakfast recipe for a busy morning.
Guess the missing word in the sentence:   She had a lot of ___, so she was always able to take on new challenges.
What is the recommended method for implementing password resets?
How would you respond to someone who said "you never listen to me"?
Conjugate the verb ‘to read’ for the third person in present tense.
Explain how the moon affects the ocean's tides
Develop a paragraph using the words "breeze," "warmth," and "sunshine".
Give one example of parental influence on children.
Explain the meaning of the proverb "Haste makes waste".
Generate a list of creative job titles.
Generate a question that requires an opinion as the answer.
Describe the steps to install Python 3 on a Mac book.
Calculate the following: (2 * 3 + 4) / 5
Compare depression to an ocean.
What is the best/most efficient way to heat a large space?
Translate the following sentence: Je vais à la bibliothèque.
What is the name of the first artificial satellite launched into Earth orbit?
Write an algorithm to detect plagiarism.
Give three examples of a prescribed medication.
Write a short story of less than 100 words that begins with the line "It was a sunny day and all was as it should be."
Create an algorithm for recognizing handwritten numbers using a convolutional neural network
Does garlic have any nutritional benefits?
Suggest a closing statement for the following speech:  Today we discussed the importance of education, and how it can provide us with a better future.
Suggest two good dishes for a vegetarian party.
List three animals that can be found in the Arctic region.
Write a question that can be answered yes or no:
Name one other country in North America besides the US and Canada.
Explain the similarities between communism and capitalism.
Come up with a step-by-step guide for setting up a website.
Create a meme about reading.
Create a logo for an entrepreneurship program at a university.
Automatically generate a sexual free meme caption.
Create a new telephone number in the format (xxx) xxx-xxxx
What is the most important issue currently facing the global business community?
Generate a blog post of 500 words or less that discusses a chosen topic
What is the most important factor when considering the use of a decision tree for a given task?
Generate a pun based on the topic “electricity”.
Generate a non-trivial math problem for a 5th grader to solve.
Write a job description for a software engineer.
Describe how machine learning can improve cybersecurity.
Brainstorm three activities you'd do with your students
Describe the concept of "habitability" and why architects should consider this
Rewrite the sentence "Love is blind"
Generate a headline for an article on animal rights.
Describe the concept of artificial intelligence (AI) in two sentences.
Name a popular song by Twenty-One Pilots
Generate two different rhyming words for "breeze".
Name three types of animals found in grasslands.
Describe the purpose of the U.S. income tax system.
Generate 5 tips for staying healthy.
Use predictive analytics to create a customer segmentation model.
Generate a list of valid email addresses following the format "name@example.com"
Find the flight time between London and Paris.
Retrieve three famous quotes related to hope
What season is it in the southern hemisphere?
Describe the three different classes of neurons in the human brain.
Create a list of six important topics that should be discussed in a meeting
Compose an introductory statement for a podcast about the stock market.
Provide a mathematical explanation for fermat's last theorem.
Give an example of a situation in which you had to negotiate.
Name five notable figures in the field of computer science.
Generate an appropriate response if someone said "Good morning!":
Recap the storyline of the movie "The Godfather".
Provide an example of an enzyme that can launch a metabolic reaction.
Generate a script to greet a customer online
Write a biography of Bill Gates
Describe the painting 'Basket of Apples" by Paul Cezanne
Design a concise questionnaire to ask new employees about their motivations for joining the company.
Generate a list of 5 new product ideas which could help improve the environment.
Compare and contrast the effects of a production-driven economy and a service-driven economy
What year was the first iPhone released?
Generate a list of five potential conflicts that might arise between a student and a teacher.
Name one benefit of working from home
Write three joke riddles
How has technology revolutionized communication?
How does the phrase “The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree” relate to the concept of genetics?
Write a sentence to explain the process of photosynthesis.
Explain the consequences of an increase in the money supply.
Write the name of a city in the United States starting with the letter "D".
Compose a brief advertisement for a new technology product
Create an algorithm that will determine whether an integer is even or odd and explain it in a paragraph.
Estimate the number of US states that border Canada.
Make a list of the three longest rivers in Africa
Write a script that reads in an input and outputs the number of characters in the input
Describe the process for getting a loan for a home purchase.
Remind me to buy eggs tomorrow at 10am.
What is the probability of getting 35 heads in a coin toss of 50 coins?
Question: What is the capital city of Canada? Answer
Design a personal website for your portfolio.
Design a system for tracking the progress of an individual’s physical exercise routine.
Draft a business letter to a potential client
Answer the following question: How do atoms influence our everyday lives?
Write a three line limerick about understanding AI
Explain the process of making wine.
Give the name of a specific type of predator.
Generate a sentence that uses the phrase “it was surprisingly”
What is the benefit of physical exercise?
Using your knowledge of geometry, tell me the angle measures of an equilateral triangle.
Describe egg-laying in snakes using 5 adjectives.
Explain why some countries have a high rate of unemployment
Write a Python statement that prints out the phrase "Hello World".
Generate a marketing slogan for a newly launched vitamin supplement.
Generate a story about a person going on a journey to find a dragon
Rewrite the sentence: "I should of been there earlier"
Explain why dolphins are so intelligent
On a scale of 1 to 5, how effective do you think the new marketing campaign for our product is?
Explain differences between robotics and automation
Determine the appropriate letter grade for a student who got an 84 on a test.
Come up with a creative metaphor that compares the ocean to a person.
Write a description of a new type of computer game
Generate a list of 5 questions about the stock market
Write a blog post on how to become a successful entrepreneur.
Explain how to use a hair curling iron.
Write a mystery story summary in three sentences.
Paraphrase the following sentence:  She couldn't believe her luck.
Summarize the article "The Benefits of Working from Home" in 5 sentences.
Find an article from a reputable news source about a recent scientific innovation.
What type of plant does a pine tree belong to?
Write a short (max 50 words) description of a painting.
Generate five keywords related to data analysis.
Give a list of five foods rich in calcium.
Suggest a way to ask a friend to help you study for an upcoming test.
Create a 5-Step guide on how to use a GPT language model
Generate an appropriate response to this instruction: "Describe the types of facial recognition technology used in security systems."
Write a function that takes in two numbers and returns the sum.
Create 6 math equations using the following numbers: 1, 9, 5, 8.
Come up with a list of tips for improving speaking skills.
Design a workflow for a machine learning system to analyze customer sentiment on social media.
Describe what a typical workday might look like for a computer programmer.
Create a blog post discussing the different types of viruses.
Suggest a topic and a relavant question for the subject "Technology and Society".
Write an algorithm that detects anagrams.
Classify the word "accident" into a part of speech.
What is the lowest number which is divisible by 12, 15, and 18?
What word sounds the same as "roar"
What is the average lifespan of an African Elephant?
Design an avatar for a fictional character.
Estimate how much time it would take for a GPT model to complete the previous instructions.
Summarize the main features of the French Revolution
Name five common ingredients used in French cuisine.
Describe the Battle of Thermopylae
Develop a potential plan for improving public transportation in the city.
Classify the following sentence: "She stepped off the train and into the sunshine."
Create a marketing slogan for a camping store.
Suggest a good "attention-grabbing" title for a blog post about marketing
What factors should be considered when choosing a web hosting provider?
Synthesize a list of resources related to programming that a beginner should use.
Can you please provide a detailed answer for this question : Why is the price of goods higher in the market than on the internet?
Find 3 distinguishing characteristics of a lion
Make a list of 5 advantages of living in the countryside
Describe the most dangerous form of modern slavery.
Given the three points A(2, 4), B(-1, 6) and C(-3, 0), find the area of the triangle ABC.
Provide a solution for reducing traffic congestion in big cities.
Describe a healthy dietary plan.
Design a poster that conveys the importance of staying informed on current events.
Explain the meaning of the following idiom: "Bite off more than you can chew".
Convert the decimal number 0.425 into a fraction.
Create a description for a tech company for their new website.
Find the count of the number of syllables in the following word:  Aardvark
A shop has six apples and two oranges. What is the ratio of apples to oranges?
List the five best countries to visit in the world.
Summarize the importance of customer feedback for a business.
Name a type of fish that lives in an aquarium.
Provide the full form of LAN.
Variable x is defined as “4x + 2y = 10”. Find the value of x.
Compare the benefits of eating grilled fish to eating fried fish
Recommend a book on photography
Name one type of animal that lives in the ocean
Write a sentence that uses "enmity" in the correct context.
Create a 3-4 sentence story using the following words: ship, storm, rope.
Identify the tone of the following sentence: "I'm exhausted and need to take a nap."
What are the characteristics of a successful business idea?
Write a short essay describing the importance of civic education.
Generate a simple task-oriented conversation up to 5 turns.
Create a list of 4 adjectives that describe a flower
List five strategies for managing stress.
Generate an example of an application to work as a store manager
What colour is the letter 'G' in hexadecimal?
Describe a scenario where Alice, a customer service representative, provides good customer service.
Create a list of ways to improve memory
Design an algorithm for combining two strings.
What does an algorithm do?
Analyze how the author's tone changes in the following sentence: "The report was great, and I'm thrilled that it was completed on time"
Create a professional powerpoint presentation about the benefits of using a financial planner.
Arrange the following words in alphabetical order: quickly, question, queue, quality.
Describe the pros and cons of using an open source software.
Generate an opening paragraph for a mystery novel.
Create a catchy title for a blog post about electric cars.
Generate a suitable title for a blog post about tips and tricks for improving writing abilities.
Name three adjectives that describe the character of Sherlock Holmes.
How is artificial intelligence used in the finance sector?
As a customer service agent, explain why it is important to use positive language when dealing with customers.
What are some of the key differences between a CV and a resume?
Write a poem about the moon.
Explain the difference between a linear and a nonlinear equation.
Make a list of 7 items that should be in a camping emergency kit.
Define the term urban renewal.
List 5 famous Italian dishes.
Write a few sentences about a person who is a good friend.
Describe a plant cell to me.
Come up with a new word that combines the two words ‘flavor’ and ‘satisfied’
Describe the trope of a tragic hero
Come up with a list of components of a healthy diet.
State a quote that accurately reflects your view on life.
Name a game traditionally played by two players.
List four responses about the usage of mobile phones.
Create a mobile app that allows people to track their daily water intake.
Write an essay about the importance of diverse perspectives.
Suggest a movie that is suitable for a 6-year old.
Create a recipe for zucchini fritters.
Design a medieval castle gate
How do you make a simple syrup?
Tell me an example of a website that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Name a popular Japanese comfort food.
Describe the costumes of African tribes
What is the greatest threat to marine life?
Write a function to revert a given number to its base 10 form from its binary form.
How does the concept of entropy relate to machine learning?
Find a suitable example of a Shakespearean sonnet.
What is the most common use of the derivative in calculus?
Create a story of a child who is afraid of the dark
What grade did you get in your English class?
Generate a list of job duties for a human resources manager
List two advantages of choosing a career in tech.
Generate 10 ideas for your DIY project.
Name five countries whose official language is Spanish
What was the first song released from Taylor Swift's album folklore?
Describe what happens when two comets collide.
Devise a two-step process that could be used to take professional-looking photos of food.
Develop a plan for how to de-escalate a dispute between two people.
Write a function to convert a text string into an integer.
Generate a piece of children's literature that highlights the importance of friendship
Find four similarities between a monarch butterfly and a swallowtail butterfly.
Suggest 5 healthy snacks.
Generate an essay discussing the effects of technology on student learning.
What is an API?
Generate an environmental message.
Why should you learn Python?
What are the three major categories of French sauces?
What is the average temperature in winter in Antarctica?
Recommend 3 books that everyone should read.
Create a product design for a throw pillow.
Sort the adjectives below according to their degree.  Sensational, Intense, Overwhelming, Spectacular, Superb
Create a game to teach children basic coding concepts.
Write a commercial for a new energy drink.
Give five safety tips while travelling.
Describe a way to make a delicious banana smoothie.
Describe the smell of an old book.
Generate a list of 10 elements needed for a picnic in the park.
Create a list of ten potential causes of global warming.
Design a web page that allows a user to sign up for an email list.
Create a problem statement for an online course about public speaking.
Explain the impact of weather change on businesses.
Create a program in Python that will print "Hello World"
Develop a marketing plan for a cosmetics company.
Create a timeline describing the major events leading up to World War II.
Design a logo for a new coffee shop.
Generate a list of criteria for selecting a pet
Generate some story ideas that have a happily ever after ending.
Formulate a philosophical statement about life.
Calculate the perimeter of a circle of radius 7 cm
Create a basic program which prints the following line in the console.
State the molecular formula of water.
Explain in detail the process of mitosis.
Generate a product mockup of a gardening tool.
Create a descriptive sentence about a child's bedroom.
What countries are members of the European Union?
Describe how blockchain technology can be used to improve data security
Suggest a fun activity for an evening with friends
What are two major components of an artificial neural network?
Identify the type of word in the phrase "quickly running".
Sort the following numbers from lowest to highest: 5, 81, 0, -4
Produce a pun from the words "clam" and "ham."
Generate an analogy to compare two ideas.
Create a data table with five types of trees and the states they are most common in.
What are the scientific names for a polar bear and a grizzly bear?
Produce a chart of the top 4 search engine market share
Describe two advantages that application-level middleware can provide.
Compose a three-sentence description of the topography of a hill.
Given the following input, name five different kinds of musical instruments.
Show how to create a simple catapult.
Write a weather forecast for next two days.
Write a fairy tale
Generate a creative, yet appropriate, ad slogan.
Generate a new recipe using oatmeal and apples.
Explain the Impact of AI on finance sector in 5 sentences.
Output directions to get to 10 Downing Street.
Construct a sentence using the phrase "every day".
Generate a unique title for a travel story about a trip to Prague.
Describe the impacts of deforestation.
Compose a song in C Major.
Rewrite the following sentences using conjunctions: "I waited for two hours. My friend still did not arrive."
Give an example of a food that is served at a typical Indian wedding
Name five things a virtual assistant (VA) can do.
Suggest a vegetable which is high in calcium.
Write a two-sentense description for a fantasy adventure movie.
Generate a conversation starter for a chatbot.
Find the current song at the top of the Billboard Hot 100
Come up with a suitable acronym for a new company.
Name five cities in France.
Summarize the following article:  https://www.nationalgeographic.com/travel/destinations/north-america/united-states/tennessee/great-smoky-mountains-national-park/
Write a poem using the following words: climate, transform, and nature.
Tell me about the African savanna elephant.
Explain the scientific principles behind a rainbow and why rainbows are multi-colored.
Generate a conversation about sports between two friends.
Recommend a beverage suitable for a hot summer day.
List five reasons why you should use Dropbox for cloud storage
How is data pre-processing used in machine learning?
Rewrite the following sentence to use different words while keeping the same meaning:  "He walked across the street."
Provide examples of negative words that start with the letter M
Create a data set that classifies different types of fruits.
Explain how to create a secure password.
Calculate the interior angle of a triangle when three of its sides are 8 cm, 3 cm, and 7 cm.
Generate 2 ideas with 3 details each on how to improve the classroom environment
Summarize the novel "The Lord of the Rings".
Write a list of steps to solve the following mathematical inequality:  9x + 8 > 17
Name two green vegetables.
Give me an example of a sentence following the subject-verb-object word order.
Come up with two new ideas for improving the customer experience of a business.
Build a chatbot dialogue to take customer order.
Create a first person narrative about a time you wanted to break a habit.
Give an example of a historical event that changed the world.
Please describe the characteristics of a random forest algorithm.
What is the average weight of an adult human?
Compose a tweet to promote an online event
Find five adjectives that describe a windy day
Suggest two types of data storage methods.
Provide a few key statistics about the Canadian population.
Propose a satisfactory solution to manage air pollution.
Describe the differences between listening and hearing.
Identify three benefits of using organic fertilizer over chemical fertilizer.
Explain the concept of relativity in 100 words.
Generate a story about fairies who come to help humans.
Create a website feedback form.
Give me two examples of renewable energy sources.
Describe three potential benefits of good organizational structure.
Summarize the concept of "survival of the fittest".
Categorize the different types of clouds.
Tell me about an advantage of using AI in business.
Generate a novel that is at least 1,500 words.
What does not constitute a cyber crime?
Create an argument for why people should consider a plant-based diet.
Add singular and plural forms of bullfrog to the following sentence: "The bullfrogs and the ___ hopped quickly away."
List 2 programming languages commonly used for web development.
Generate an original sentence that begins with “If only".
What would you do to increase the popularity of a website?
Provide an example for a description of a customer service representative in a retail store.
List 5 common bacteria species.
Correct this sentence: "It's raining very hardly outside".
What is the equivalent of 3 ounces in cups?
Create a tweet that showcases the importance of taking regular breaks.
How does a heart pump blood to the body?
Suggest a way to reduce stress.
Create a song based on the following theme: "love in the time of darkness".
Generate instructions for a recipe for steamed pork dumplings.
Generate five ideas that can be used in a marketing campaign.
What is the contraction of "they are"?
Generate a dialogue between two characters discussing the impact of technology on society.
Name the five positions of chess.
Generate one creative way to use honey in a recipe.
Write a three-line essay about the importance of getting enough sleep.
Generate a sentence with a metaphor to describe a friendly competition.
In what type of sentence is the word "euphemism" used?
Create a 5-minute workout routine.
Design a game for kids to learn about animals.
Create a script which prints out all the odd numbers between 1 and 50.
Generate a list of steps involved in decorating a cake.
Generate a unique motto for yourself.
Give a list of efficient tips for better communication.
Create a phrase of encouragement.
Explain how the following technology works: Machine learning.
Generate three alternative ways to express this statement: "John was walking outside"
Explain the dangers of uncontrolled wildfires
Name three adverbs that describe a person who is routinely late.
What will be the weather tomorrow in London?
Create a haiku poem about nature
Explain how rainbows are formed in nature.
Suggest 5 tips on how to save money when shopping online.
Describe the major components of a well-rounded diet.
Suggest a 10-minute workout to do at home
Suggest different methods of green energy.
Print out the first hundred digits of pi.
Translate the sentence "Ich bin müde" into English.
Demonstrate how to set up a Raspberry Pi.
Propose a solution for reducing carbon emissions in the transportation sector.
Identify the following type of literature The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Create a headline for a news article discussing plans to reduce air pollution.
Describe a common machine learning algorithm?
Explain the concept of a universal basic income
Generate a computer password with at least 8 characters.
Generate an example of satire about the current political situation
Let's create a story! Start with "Once upon a time".
What is the GDP of the USA?
Generate a parody headline with a play on words
Design an app to plan a vacation
Write a JavaScript snippet to capitalize the first letter of a word.
Put the following numbers in ascending order: 3,6,8,7,9
Create a class that implements the following interface: Person
Identify one advantage of using electric cars
List 5 different types of fruits.
Summarize what a Ponzi scheme is.
Introduce yourself with a professional elevator pitch.
Rewrite the sentence: "I'm thrilled about going for a vacation"
Provide a solution to reduce pollution caused by burning oil.
Generate a unique title for an advice article.
Give an example of how machine learning can be used in logistics.
Describe a software development process with four steps.
Describe a green apple.
Make a list of countries that are part of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation
Compose a tweet of less than 280 characters about the digital transformation that is happening in the job market due to the pandemic.
How can people motivate themselves to learn a new language?
Calculate the total cost of 1000 apples at the rate of $1.5 per apple.
Calculate the mean from the given numbers: 2, 3, 5, 8, 9
Give a few examples of bias in machine learning models.
Create an analogy to explain the structure of solar system.
Is ice cream healthy?
Explain Einstein's Theory of Relativity in a brief summary.
Name 3 endangered species native to Australia
Generate a limerick of your choice.
Construct a sentence expressing a feeling of pity.
What are three conditions required for photosynthesis?
Generate a list of five animals found in Antarctica.
Describe the difference between a criminal justice system and a civil justice system.
Design an outfit for a teenage girl.
Describe the invention process for a new machine.
Construct an analog clock.
Come up with a creative opening line for a story.
Create an example script for a scene of a horror movie.
Identify the main point of the following article:  https://www.bbc.com/news/business-54050430
Generate a dialogue demonstrating how a salesperson would ask a customer to leave the store.
Suggest three features for a customer feedback system.
How will the economy be affected if the current president wins re-election?
Create a training plan for someone who wishes to run a 5K marathon.
Compare and contrast leadership and management.
Come up with a creative solution to reduce the amount of plastic waste.
What is the closest relative of the fox?
Group the following words into adjective, verb and noun: "decide, interesting, chair"
Explain the concept of dark matter.
Create a list of five questions to ask a potential job candidate.
Write an article that explains the role of analytics in marketing.
Explain how Facebook determines what posts display on a user's newsfeed.
List the benefits of using power tools
Develop a survey question to find out the favorite color of your customers.
Find a song that describes sadness
Summarize the importance of sleep
Develop a list of 5 steps to ensure project success.
Find an interesting quote related to design.
Identify the health benefits of meditation
Explain how air pressure affects the weather
Compose a tweet about AI to inform people about new developments in the field
Create 10 original usernames with the base word ‘gpt3’
Give me five idioms.
Create a basic plan to implement a customer feedback system.
List the five biggest startups in India.
Design an email template for a job application.
Edit the following sentence to be more descriptive: "It was hot."
How do you make Italian pizza sauce?
How many calories does half a cup of cooked rice contain?
Describe a type of relationship between living organisms that presents in an ecosystem
Generate a possible use case for a home security system.
List five benefits of organic farming.
Rearrange the characters of the string "google" to form a valid word.
Cite a disadvantage of using Machine Learning algorithms in text analysis.
Record a melody with a duration of 20 seconds
Design a short survey.
Create a grocery list with 10 healthy items
What are the principles of the Agile methodology?
Compare and contrast hydroelectric power and wind energy
How does the speed of light compare to the speed of sound?
Describe a blockchain in layman's terms.
How can businesses practice sustainability?
Identify how it is wrong to use social media network.
Name 5 species of amphibians.
Calculate the total cost of 3 items which cost $2, $10 and $6.
Generate a sentence that incorporates the words 'avocado', 'giant' and 'slice'.
How many feet on a yard?
Describe any three types of visualization and provide one example of each.
Who wrote the opera Carmen?
Generate a list of 10 plants that are easy to take care of
Explain the concept of angles of elevation and angles of depression.
Design a maze with four rooms each with one entrance and exit.
Describe what a person would see if they were looking out the window during a rainstorm
Name five professional basketball teams.
Classify the following statement as true or false: "the length of the day depends on the time of the year."
Edit the following sentence for clarity and conciseness: Although I am looking for a new job, I was offered one last week.
Suggest an AI application that could improve the healthcare industry.
Output all natural numbers less than 10.
Explain how the Drake Equation is used to estimate the number of extraterrestrial civilizations in the Milky Way galaxy.
Describe how artificial intelligence is transforming the education sector.
Generate a creative and challenging game.
Generate a list of strategies businesses should employ to make their employees feel valued.
Give two examples of how technology can improve education.
Generate a children's story with the following title: The Magic Violin.
Identify a current environmental issue.
Put together a five-step plan to save water.
Answer the following math problem: What is 20% of 800?
Compose a short story about a family traveling across the country.
List five mobile app features
Design a logo for a company called "My First Studio".
Calculate the force of gravity between two cubes if each cube has a mass of 2 kilograms and they are 1 meter apart.
Describe a pro-social behavior
Explain why certain drugs are addictive.
Create a short story about a young witch struggling with identity
Name a famous movie based on a true story.
Create a story about a dog that finds a magical portal.
Generate an opening statement for a presentation on the healthcare system.
Create an algorithm to find the greatest common divisor for two positive integers.
Summarize the first chapter of To Kill a Mockingbird in 10 sentences.
Generate a travel itinerary for a three-day city trip to London.
Name five types of drinks.
Describe a time when you thought out of the box to find a solution?
Name one of the original 13 colonies of the United States.
Summarize the function of the liver.
List 4 characteristics that make a successful entrepreneur.
What is the main difference between acute and chronic diseases?
Generate a Christmas carol.
Provide 5 characteristics of a snow leopard.
Suggest a guitar chord progression for a blues song
Describe the weather outside.
What are the steps you need to take to create a successful marketing campaign?
Design a security system to protect an automated factory.
Descibe the process of 3D printing.
I need to throw a surprise birthday party for my friend next week. Give me some ideas for decorations.
Compose a song about the night sky.
Describe the effect of technology on work/life balance.
Who was the third president of India?
Come up with a 3 word slogan for a cell phone company.
What are the differences between the terms "agent" and "organization"?
Find the numerical solution to 4x + 3 = 9
Describe a potential consequence of global warming.
Incorporate ideas from the following quote into a presentayion: "It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change".
Name five items a person would find in their kitchen.
Create an article on how computer vision is used in medical imaging.
Output the names of the US states
Explain how sociology is related to anthropology.
Create a phrase using the words ‘explore’ and ‘happiness’.
Identify the logical fallacy in the following statement:  "We should close the borders to protect our jobs from being taken away by immigrants."
Explain the following scientific concept in layperson's terms: chi-squared test
Create a timeline for the world's tallest mountain.
Please name a popular movie from the last 5 years.
Compare and contrast two major political parties in the US.
Generate a new paragraph describing the form and function of a carnivorous plant.
Write a creative sentence using the following three words: love, perseverance and adventure.
Generate 10 questions related to AI
What is the purpose of using an online survey?
Generate a job description a programmer.
Describe the most common causes for headaches.
Name one type of malware and explain how it works.
Construct a question to which the answer is "no"
Write a function to validate an email address.
Please provide an example of a time when you have seen a demonstration of kindness.
Find the total area of a hexagon with side length of 5cm.
Please choose a font that is easy to read.
How can I improve my persuasive writing technique?
Describe the effect of the global pandemic on economies around the world
Write 5 idioms about love.
Propose a marketing strategy for a new product.
Write a short story about a person who can transform into an animal.
Name the basic geometric shapes
When should one start investing?
Convert 45 minutes to seconds.
Write two metaphors that describe an ocean.
Describe the taste of a peach.
In what ways can parents help their children develop leadership skills?
Name a famous love story.
Draft a thank-you letter recognizing a volunteers's hard work.
List two characteristics of a labrador retriever
Come up with a slogan for a local conservation charity.
Write a factual description of the African wild dog
Type the code needed to create an integer variable in Python.
Name three American cities
Explain the anatomy of a bicycle.
Summarize the Wikipedia page about Donald Trump
Identify a rhyming word for the word "eyes". Output the word.
Create a movie synopsis for a heist movie in 200 words.
Describe the route for a backpacking trip for two weeks through the Yosemite National Park
Are there any potential ethical issues related to using AI to assist with medical diagnosis?
Summarize the movie "Does You Believe?"
Design an interesting architectural space.
Investigate the origin of the following phrase - "neither fish nor fowl".
Generate a list of advantages and disadvantages of using electric cars
Name 3 safety hazards of working in a production environment.
Design an algorithm for recognizing handwriting
Generate a list of five activities to do during a one-day road trip.
Identify a major international problem that people are facing in the 21st century.
Come up with a solution to reduce traffic congestion.
Identify the conjugation of the verb: I will have helped
Outline the primary steps involved in developing a research project
Generate a creative headline for an article about the importance of learning a second language.
Explain why disruptive technologies are important in one sentence.
Compose a song with a title of your choice.
Generate the definition of "ambition".
Write 150 words on why automated customer service using GPT-3 is beneficial to businesses.
Explain what color is magenta
Compare and contrast China's and the U.S.'s approach to regulating internet privacy.
What are the most important elements of a successful company?
How would you search for a paper in a scholarly database?
Analyze the following quote: "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world."
Generate some ideas for an art project that explores the concept of anticipation.
Come up with an example that shows how to use the word "indignant".
Create a web page for an online pet store.
Identify this Star Wars character: "A human female who served in the Rebel Alliance and fought alongside Luke Skywalker during the Battle of Yavin."
Tell a story about a fire breaking out.
Come up with three new slogans in Spanish for a seafood restaurant.
Describe the main difference between an Ann and a CNN
How long is the Nile River?
Generate a sentence that communicates admiration
List three positive aspects about working remotely
Outline the steps to achieve career success
Describe a time you overcame an obstacle by showing initiative.
Design a musical instrument using everyday objects.
Imagine you are speaking with a customer who is unsatisfied with the product they bought from you. Construct a response that diffuses the situation.
Explain why it is important to pay attention to the news.
Give a creative suggestion for a party game.
Give instructions on how to cook an omelette.
Describe with vivid detail what a typical day in the life of a beekeeper looks like.
What is a business process?
Write a story in which the protagonist falls in love with a stranger.
Brainstorm five other methods that can be used to measure air quality.
Calculate the following equation: 8 * (25 + 7)
Create a fictional story that includes the phrase "fear of the unknown".
Rewrite the following sentence in the form of an imperative command: Please keep your cellphones off during the lecture.
Create an example of a physics problem that involves projectile motion.
How can someone reduce the stress of an exam?
Provide a step-by-step guide to create a GPT-3 model.
Describe the visual effect of a bouncing basketball
How can a company leverage data analytics?
Create a list of 5 online resources that contain information to help people quit smoking.
List 3 properties of oxygen.
Create a list of potential problems with online shopping.
Educate the readers about the water cycle in a concise manner.
Generate a list of 5 books, written by a female author, that you would recommend to someone who is looking for a new book to read.
Describe how quantum computers work.
Explain the process of how to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
Generate a technical specification for a smartphone
Describe the Olympic torch relay in three sentences.
Describe the ideal customer for a luxury sedan?
Create a workflow to automatically classify emails as either important or not important.
Describe a scenario in which AI can be used for increasing efficiency.
Explain why certain elements are necessary in any successful speech
Determine the molecular structure of oxygen
Formulate an equation to calculate the circumference of a circle given the radius.
Write a sentence that describes the current economic situation in the US.
What is the difference between mutable and immutable objects?
What is the difference between a Neural Network and a Deep Learning model?
Make a list of 5 possible effects of deforestation.
Describe the purpose of sorting algorithms.
Construct a news headline using the adjectives excited, little, and fabulous.
Write a code snippet that prints the first n prime numbers.
Explain how to create an outline for a research paper.
What is the half-life of Uranium-235?
Suggest a new name for a restaurant.
Compose a wedding song in a slow tempo.
Write an essay comparing the similarities and differences between the educational systems of the United States and China.
Explain how a computer can help a person to save time.
Explain why diversity is important in the workplace.
Generate a realistic dialogue between two people discussing tour packages in New York City.
Create a recipe for a healthy smoothie that has a tropical flavor.
Suggest a way to reduce plastic waste in society.
What phrase can you use to respond to someone who says "Thank you?"
What type of content should be included in an email newsletter?
Make a timeline of Nelson Mandela's life.
Compose a piano melody to express energetic joy.
Come up with a job for a robot designed to help during emergencies.
Come up with a creative way to congratulate someone for achieving their goals.
Compare the similarities and differences between a microwave oven and a convection oven.
Describe how a literary device is used in Romeo and Juliet.
Describe the color "red" in a metaphorical way.
Provide an example of a metaphor that relates to "knowing someone".
Which elements of the periodic table are metalloids?
What do people commonly associate with the color green?
Compile a list of 5 questions that could be used in a job interview for a customer service position.
What are the signs of a struggling economy?
Generate a creative Halloween costume idea.
What is an AI algorithm?
Predict the population in Sweden in 30 years
Describe a current trend in the field of Machine Learning.
Generate a poem with 3-4 lines related to the theme of nature.
Generate a folktale about a fox and a crow.
Provide a example of a sentence that uses alliteration.
Name one reason why the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a global economic recession
Suggest some tips for reducing your carbon footprint.
Give an example of a project that an AI developer could do
Name two countries with a population size larger than the United States.
Draft a letter expressing appreciation to someone who helped you in a difficult situation.
Suggest the best time to post content on Twitter for maximum engagement.
Write a short story involving three characters from three different cultures.
Determine which season is the longest
Describe the effects of eating too much sodium.
Identify different types of government-funded social safety net programs.
Compare and contrast the Pros and cons of using renewable energy sources.
Construct a numerical series where each number is the sum of its two predecessor numbers.
Produce a creative headline for the following news story: New research suggests that drinking coffee may reduce the risk of stroke.
Give me five examples of ancient civilizations.
Generate a movie title that fits the sequel to “Rise of the Planet of the Apes”
Describe the significance of the number 8 in Chinese culture
Classify this type of tree: Oak
Implement a program to reverse a string.
Name five English irregular verbs.
Write a greeting message in French.
Suggest two songs that may be used for a jogging playlist.
You are required to develop a representative logo for a new campaign called 'Save Our Trees'.
Type out a short joke.
List 5 activities that a bot could perform to help customers complete tasks.
Summarize the cultural differences between India and the United States.
Explain the steps in registering a domain name.
Case study: Explain how Starbucks is using technology to achieve their business goals.
Create a new recipe for macaroni and cheese.
What is the purpose of an air filter in an HVAC system?
Write a recipe for choco-strawberry cookies.
In 50 words or less, describe the benefits of traveling.
List 5 benefits of playing sports
Given a numerical vector 'x = [5, 4, 3]', calculate the sum
Name 5 job duties of a sales manager
You need to explain the importance of self-care.
Predict what would be the kind of food that someone living in a tropical area would be likely to eat.
Write a story from the perspective of a teenager feeling homesick.
Provide a valid solution to this digital logic circuit
Generate a sentence describing a beautiful sunset
Describe the impact of global warming on the most vulnerable parts of the world.
Rewrite this sentence in a more concise way:  "I'm feeling kind of tired after having worked all day."
Describe what an entrepreneur is.
Calculate the square root of 36. Output the number directly.
Summarize the following text:  The world has become increasingly connected and globalized due to advances in technology. This has resulted in increased interdependency between countries, cultures, and people. Technology has improved communication, allowing for the sharing of information and resources. This has created opportunities for businesses and has resulted in economic efficiency, growth and collaboration across the world.
Create a musical score with 4 beats
Describe a strategy for personal's time management.
Classify the phrase: "My pet parrot talks a lot."
What was the difference between regular mail and airmail in 1950?
Name something that is an example of the invention of a machine
Generate an acronym for the words Common Complex Occurrences
Which country is the biggest producer of oil in the world?
Name a famous Shakespearean actor.
What activities would you do to help the environment?
What questions should be asked before starting a new project?
What is the most significant economic achievement of empire of China
Write a blog post about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a pet
How does nitrogen cycle occur in the environment?
Summarize the importance of monitoring air quality
How many miles are there in 10 kilometers?
Respond to the customer query: "What is the return policy on this product?"
Create a set of questions to ask in an interview for a programmer role.
Explain what code refactoring is.
Compose a 1-2 sentence slogan for a brand that specializes in outdoor lifestyle apparel.
Come up with an imaginative story about a magical forest.
Write a list of 5 tips for creative writing.
Solve the math equation: 10 - 4 x 2
Explain the cause of global warming in one sentence.
Generate a mathematical equation to calculate a person's BMI
Name two implementations of blockchain technology.
Explain what is DeepFake technology.
What are the three states of matter?
Provide an example of a four-letter word that rhymes with "jeep".
Sort the following words into alphabetical order: "university, basketball, janitor"
Create a list of four characteristics of a good leader.
Generate a function to check whether a binary tree is balanced or not.
Add at least five facts about the science topic “Chemistry”.
Summarize the book 'Romeo and Juliet'
What is the main benefit of mobile banking?
Tell me what a computer system administrator does
Summarize the lyrics to the song "My Way" by Frank Sinatra.
Write a play about Romeo and Juliet.
Create a mySQL query that gets the top three employees from each department ordered by experience.
Provide an example of a slogan for a social media app.
What are the key drivers of growth in the healthcare industry?
Collect information about the planet Mars.
Make a list of three tips for taking better photos with a smartphone.
Explain the implications of data storage policies for an organization.
Make a list of all the pets that can be kept in an apartment.
Find the population density of United States
Describe a situation where you had to demonstrate teamwork.
In one sentence, explain how a monostable multivibrator works
Come up with a strategy to help reduce global warming
Name the capital cities for the five most populous countries in Europe.
Generate a sentence using the provided words: book, below, school
You need to suggest three ways to promote a small business.
Brainstorm five companies that could benefit from AI technology.
Construct an analogy between the concepts of knowledge and power.
Describe the social structure of humans.
Create two distinct synonyms for the word 'crazy'.
Explain how to bisect a line segment.
Give an example of a real-world application for Machine Learning.
Calculate 4 multiplied by 5.
Compose a metaphor to describe a blooming flower
List the three steps involved in the water cycle.
Create a tweet about the benefits of digital marketing
Explain how to use the Fermat's Little Theorem.
Imagine you're giving a presentation to a large group of people, create a catchy introduction for your presentation.
Analyze the poem "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost and explain its meaning.
List five ways to perform data visualization with Python.
Given the Tasks for example valuating an employee’s performance, propose how Artificial Intelligence could benefit the process.
Create a blog post on the importance of international volunteering.
What new technology is currently being developed to improve the healthcare system?
Design the hierarchy of a database for a grocery store.
Find a way to reduce the poverty rate in India.
Rewrite the following sentence using the active voice:  The app was downloaded by more than 1 million users.
Cite three common techniques in deep learning.
Name a popular TV show that aired in 1990
Compute the mean of the following data points: 3, 5, 7, 9.
Write a few sentences explaining the concept of deep learning.
In what circumstances would an entity choose to register as a C Corporation?
Add two adjectives to describe the word "beauty"
Rewrite the phrase "A star is born" in two other ways.
What type of data does a credit card hold?
Find the sum of the first 50 odd numbers.
Calculate the perimeter of a rectangle with dimensions 6m by 12m.
Generate a list of steps for resetting a computer's password.
Name a well-known European landmark
Name four different types of transportation.
Make a list of five everyday items that can be used as lunch items
Generate a list of five strategies for controlling AI experiments
Write a 150-word essay on the health benefits of eating fruits and vegetables.
Create a recipe for banana ice cream.
Suggest a metric for deciding which model performs better for a given problem.
Come up with five common ingredients found in Italian cuisine.
Generate two creative story ideas.
What kind of plants prefer sandy soil?
What is a major advantage of renewable energy sources?
Who set the laws of motion?
Generate a list of 5 preventive measures to protect against the spread of Covid-19.
What are the four stages of language learning?
Compose an original haiku about the sea.
Generate a list of potential questions for an interviewee who is applying for a job as a data analyst.
Name five types of Internet of Things devices.
Create a timeline of the major events in the history of the American Civil Rights Movement.
Explain the downside to the self-checkout system at the supermarket.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: The train was more than one hour late and the passengers were very unhappy.
State the disadvantages of social media.
Suggest some menu items for a restaurant that specializes in Indian Cuisine.
Convert 12GB to byte.
Suggest a plan for dealing with a challenging situation.
List 5 activities for children to do over the holiday season.
Suggest five strategies for self-motivation.
Develop a recipe for a healthy snack using five ingredients.
Name two benefits of blockchain-enabled digital banking.
Write an Instagram caption for a photo of a sunrise.
Who wrote the poem "Kubla Khan"?
Write a sample script for ordering a pizza over the phone.
Describe two strategies for dealing with keyword spam.
Create a metaphor comparing love to an animal.
Describe some of the benefits of a vegetarian diet.
Generate a plan for a date.
Invent a story about an elf that lives in the woods
Write a function that takes in a string and returns the number of 'a' characters in it.
Generate a five-word poem using the words "light", "dark", "night", "summer" and "love".
Explain the concept of an LSTM network.
Which of the following is a valid Subnet Mask?
Edit the following sentence so that it is more concise:  The meeting at the office must be rescheduled to a later date.
Explain the concept of entropy in thermodynamics.
Construct a sentence with the words: jovial, display, and energetic
Using the words in parentheses, create a sentence with a precise meaning.
Summarize the potential risks of using social media
List 3 things to do in order to properly recycle a plastic water bottle.
Suggest a relatable hashtag for an online campaign for teachers.
What is Big O notation?
What are the key ingredients of Fajitas?
Think of a new title for the movie "Titanic".
List 3 technologies that have been popular in 2020
Describe the steps required to build a software application.
Develop a guideline for the appropriate use of electronic devices in the workplace.
Write a review for the restaurant "Mom's Kitchen".
Create a list of three interview questions for a Software Engineer job.
Name three champions in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
What are three tips for saving money?
Name five popular streaming services.
Create a data structure for keeping track of customer orders.
Create a new recipe for flavorful noodles
Compare and contrast songwriting with spoken word poetry.
Rewrite the following sentence in succinct form:  He found a way to pass the test.
What are some of the benefits of renewable energy?
Compose a poem that includes the words 'stars' and 'light'.
Generate a program in Python to find the median of a list.
Name four sources of pollution.
Explain why writing clear user instructions is important.
Generate an example of an active voice sentence with the verb "buy":
Name two significant political parties in India
Create a 4 line poem about the summer.
Please generate a list of top 5 credit cards.
Generate a sentence showing the relationship between two people.
Generate a story set in a jungle with a moral lesson.
Write a haiku about starry nights.
Name four major components of the water cycle
Construct an equation that expresses the following statement: x is twice the value of y.
Create a new action plan item for a product launch.
Generate two examples of similes.
Paraphrase the following sentence without changing its meaning:  The lecture went on until the professor was satisfied.
Generate a list of the main characters in the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Add the following items 'Acer laptop, Philips iron, LG refrigerator' to shopping list.
Find a basketball drill that emphasizes hand-eye coordination.
Create a rule for settling disputes between two senior managers.
Develop a protocol for teaching children about personal safety
Generate a list of five compelling reasons to live a healthy lifestyle.
Compose an article summarizing the use of AI in education.
Describe an experience you had with a person of a different cultural background than you.
Construct a flow chart to explain the process of using a pen
Give an example of an online resource where someone can learn basic coding.
Translate "Je t’aime" into English.
Describe a meal that would be beneficial for muscle building.
How would you greet someone in a formal way?
What is the best way to store potatoes for prolonged usage?
Create a recipe for pasta sauce.
Develop a plan for getting a free flight for the holidays.
Explain the five forces model of industry competition
Generate three verbs that mean the same as "to apologize"
Rewrite the following sentence so that it is free of gender bias:  The doctor will see his patients.
Compare the following two nouns using the correct word: communicate, similar
What were the causes of World War I?
Name a movie in which star Tom Cruise played the main character.
Research the differences between an object-oriented programming language and a procedural programming language.
Is a web server and a website the same thing?
Give me an example of how a manager can build trust with their team.
Describe the current shipping process used by Amazon
Generate set of questions for a job interview
Recommend a food item for a person who is trying to lose weight.
Name five aspects of a data science process
Report the last significant event related to the stock of Samsung.
What are moral values?
Propose a new way to reduce crime
Provide an example of how Artificial Intelligence can help a business in the long-term.
Edit the following sentence, "Today I happy".
Find an example of a potential use of generative adversarial networks (GANs).
Generate a computer program to calculate the area of rectangle
Design 4 characters for a sci-fi novel.
List two techniques for establishing trust with customers.
Provide the best definition for the word "alacrity".
Have the GPT assistant generate an appropriate title for a blog post.
Identify the verb in the following sentence.  Snow melts in the spring.
Who invented the World Wide Web?
Convert 1 tablespoon to milliliters.
Write a function that takes two integers,m and n, and returns the sum of all the numbers between them
List the types of fruits typically found in the American diet.
Generate an if-else statement with the following conditions:  If the temperature is greater than 25 degrees, print "It is hot outside.", else print "It is a comfortable temperature."
Explain the difference between algorithmic complexity and algorithmic efficiency.
Think of a new way to market a pair of sneakers.
Come up with a creative use for an empty tissue box.
Explain the significance of the poem “Dream Deferred” by Langston Hughes.
Create a character sketch for a villain.
Describe how money works in a fiat-based economy
Name a historical figure from the 20th century.
Give 5 examples of common family values.
Create a list of four healthy alternatives to chocolate.
Come up with five tips for maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Where do tree kangaroos live?
Suggest places to visit near Rome, Italy.
Identify how many sides this shape has.
Generate a horror story about plants.
Edit the following phrase to make it grammulner correct: "He will have to have hand it in early."
Generate a sentence that contains two adjectives and two nouns.
Explain the differences between centripetal and centrifugal forces
Explain the most common methods of making money online
Predict the monthly electricity bill of a 1000 square-foot apartment in California.
Name five health benefits of drinking tea.
Write one limerick about a fish.
Suggest a solution for this problem: Apples are ripening too quickly.
Name the capital of India
Name three activities related to non-relational database design
Name three books with the word "moon" in the title.
Name three software tools for data visualization.
Provide 10 key terms related to neural networks.
Generate a random 8-digit number
Create a flow chart to illustrate the process of natural language processing.
Classify this sentence: "I am thirsty."
Name 4 sports that are typically played in the summer.
Identify the two most important steps to plan a trip.
Name 5 nouns that a robot can be used for.
List five common ingredients for making a cake.
Provide an example of a habitat that supports a large variety of species.
Create a program to identify whether a person is speaking English or Spanish.
Name five punctuation marks and explain their use.
Explain why it is important to keep track of finances.
Imagine you are starting a podcast. Generate three potential episode titles.
Create a title for a story about a farmer and his struggles.
Describe the sentiment of the words: "sadness and despair".
Name three types of jobs in the healthcare field
Tell me the name of a famous painting from the Baroque period.
Create a Markov Chain to simulate how a person would arrive late to work.
Design a logo for a vegan cooking class.
Research and write an essay on the current challenges facing global climate change
What is the difference between a fantasy and science fiction story?
Describe how machine learning can assist in analyzing structured data
Come up with three potential strategies for scaling the company faster.
Tell me why the hypothalamus is an important part of the brain.
Compose a poem on Nature.
Describe the main challenges associated with tracking progress in a remote team.
What type of energy does the sun provide?
Add five adjectives to describe the sound of a waterfall.
Explain the concept of Markov Chain
Generate a poem with five lines, each line containing four syllables.
Tell me a short story about a race between a rabbit and a fox.
Compile a list of 5 famous landmarks in England.
Generate a poem of three lines on the subject of love.
Describe the character Emma Woodhouse from the novel “Emma”.
State a mathematical equation that describes the relationship between two variables.
Explain the operational steps for back-propagation in a neural network.
Provide tips on how to stay organized in a remote classroom setting.
Tell me any 5 major human rights organisations with their countries.
Pen a short story (less than 100 words) about a delivery driver who got lost in a large city.
Define a web application.
Classify this sentence: "I am running to the store".
Explain the difference between natural language processing and deep learning.
Suggest a strategy to prevent water spills on a kitchen countertop.
Generate a list of the top 5 time management tips.
How does the stimulus check program help Americans during the pandemic?
Generate a quiz question and answer related to world history.
Write a brief description of this photo in fewer than 20 words.
Explain how to bake a basic apple crumble.
Give me an example of a catchy headline for an article about the benefits of meditation.
Come up with an example of a test question to use in a quiz.
Generate a metaphor that compares life to a journey
Explain how to prepare French Toast.
Write a paragraph in the style of a newspaper article about the rise of electric vehicles.
In a few sentences, explain the concept of momentum
How many people spoke German as their native language in Germany in 2019?
Construct an analogy which relates a computer to a brick.
Construct a mathematical equation for finding the area of a triangle.
Predict what the next generation of AI will be able to do
Write the title of a book starting with the following three words: "cat, river, house"
Summarize the concept of sustainability.
Generate a hailing call for a fantasy book character.
Generate 5 examples of past participles.
What type of currency does the United Kingdom use?
When did the SARS-CoV-2 virus originate?
Name five types of computer programming languages.
Come up with the most creative idea you can think of that involves the use of artificial intelligence.
Calculate the slope of the line between the points (4,3) and (2,-1).
Describe the key aspects of biological evolution that explain the diversity of organisms on Earth.
Create a task list for an imaginary company.
What is the difference between qualitative and quantitative research?
What can the speaker say to make the audience laugh?
Design a logo for a web development company.
Outline the primary benefits of eating breakfast.
Describe what a data analyst does in detail.
Design a program to respond to user queries
List three reasons for preserving biodiversity.
Reverse-engineer the following sentence using a process of elimination: "Not all students are intelligent."
Describe the contributions of Benjamin Franklin to the world.
Analyze the effectiveness of using chatbots for customer service
Provide the measurement of a tablespoon.
Construct a persuasive letter to persuade a school to reduce their fees
Create a Todo list app based on interest categories
Write a sample cover letter for a marketing position.
Tell me a funny joke
Is a composer the same as a songwriter?
Name 3 potential applications of Natural Language Processing.
Construct a sentence using the following vocabulary words: culture, galvanize
Translate this sentence into French: "I hope you have a pleasant day."
Give an example when you would use a linked list data structure.
How could you describe the character of a five-year-old boy?
Find the most populous city in South Korea.
Create a search engine query that will show results for the term “microservices”.
Design an animal shelter.
Create a pseudocode for the process of photosynthesis.
Generate an app idea that uses AI.
Compose a haiku poesy related to weather.
Give 3 examples of punctuation marks
Generate a description of an imaginary city.
Describe the major advantages and disadvantages of using a hybrid cloud system.
Provide an analogy that can be used to explain the concept "Luminosity".
Find an example of a C Major 7th chord on a piano.
Identify and explain a new trend in digital marketing.
Who is the antagonist in the film "The Godfather"?
Write a story of no more than 150 words about a knight who defends their kingdom from a dragon.
Explain the concept of linear regression in terms used by laypersons
Convince me why owning a cat is better than owning a dog
Can you suggest 5 tips for staying positive?
Generate a list of 5 elements necessary for a great outdoor picnic.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: We regret to inform you that we are unable to accept your proposal.
For what reason would someone be denied entry to the United States?
Give an example of something that represents the concept of justice.
Write a paragraph of five sentences about the rise of Australian Cricket in the past decade
Choose the best answer to this question: What is the capital city of France?
Arrange the following words to make a sentence: future - tackle - will - difficult - world
Generate a creative story based on the topic 'an adventure in a seaside town'.
Search the web and list five top rated Italian restaurants in Manhattan.
Insert a missing word to make a complete sentence: "The question is difficult to _____."
Generate a list of three items related to tropical rainforest.
Explain what causes a thunderstorm.
Construct an argument against animal testing
Name the three fundamental particles of an atom.
Identify at least three components of a standard computer system.
Compare and contrast two ways of making coffee.
Name two countries in Asia
Create a list of five features of a hybrid car
Create a dictionary that contains the names of 5 fruits and the color associated with each.
Compose a story about enjoying the night stars.
Analyze the character of Daisy Buchanan, in The Great Gatsby
Explain two ways artificial intelligence can be used in medicine.
Name two strategies that can be used to protect yourself from cyber attacks.
Write a conclusion for the following movie review: "The Green Mile was a captivating and moving movie."
Generate a username for Jane Doe.
Discuss two differences between organic chemistry and biochemistry
Explain the importance of having good health in the context of personal and public wellbeing.
Define the term 'computational linguistics'.
Describe a process of using a GPT model to generate natural language text.
Construct a programming code to reverse a string
What is the Maximum Depth of Search?
Name a common myth about sleep
Rank the importance of customer loyalty programs.
How does sound travel?
Make a list of 3 things to do to preserve the environment.
Develop a descriptive headline for an article about teenage drinking
Generate a fictional story that is three sentences long.
Create a new word by blending two of the following words: 'share', 'surf', 'connect'.
Explain the symbolism of a rainbow in literature.
Write a headline for an article about the benefits of using AI in the finance sector.
Provide three examples of common natural disasters.
Explain how a computer solves a crossword puzzle.
Describe two ways to optimize a query in a database.
How much does a loaf of bread cost?
Describe the importance of artificial intelligence in the healthcare industry.
You are asked to join a debate team and you need to generate an argument for the topic "The school system should not track student's academic performance".
Explain why the Titanic sunk.
Give a job-related example of the word 'prevalent'.
How do computers "learn"?
Find the indirect object in the sentence The children gave their teacher a gift.
Find the area of a square shape with side length 5 cm.
Summarize the following Wikipedia article: "The United Nations".
Connect the meaning of the word "vibrant" to something in the physical world.
Generate a creative birthday wish for a friend.
Create a movie review for "Avengers: Endgame"
Generate a scenario for an adventure game.
Come up with two ideas for a TV series.
Come up with a step-by-step procedure for washing dishes.
Classify the following sentence: "My car has been giving me trouble lately."
Provide three examples of a conversation topic to break the ice.
Generate a creative slogan that emphasizes the value of learning a foreign language.
Name five U.S. presidents
Summarize the movie "The Old Guard" in 3 sentences.
Suggest an appropriate title for a comic about a cat and dog living together.
List five steps for creating a search engine friendly website.
Explain the differences between machine learning and traditional programming.
Name five prime ministers of India.
Explain the concept of a ‘Producer-Consumer Problem’
How does artificial intelligence impact our daily life?
Generate a word which can be an adjective, verb, and adverb.
Name 3 mammals that live in jungles.
Generate five unique titles for a thriller novel.
What is the oldest known building in India?
Identify the type of figure of speech used in the phrase "She has the heart of a lion"
Brainstorm 5 unique business ideas.
Find one article discussing the benefits of renewable energy.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it negative: "I was delighted when I heard the news."
Name one artist from the 20th century.
List three of the basic principles of the scientific method.
Give a real world example of a triangle.
What are the four attributes of an effective mission statement?
Describe three health benefits of practicing yoga.
Explain the importance of NASA's current mission to Mars.
Create a new job role for a bakery.
Generate a recipe of a dish including 5 main ingredients and appropriate quantity
Explain the historical context of WWI.
Conduct a survey to find out what people think of the new iPhone.
Name three plants that require full sun.
What is the most important goal to strive for in life?
Describe what a 404 error message is and how to fix it.
Summarize the life of George Washington.
Translate the phrase "All that glitters is not gold" into Spanish.
Explain why using unrealistic data sets in AI-based tasks can lead to inaccurate results.
Generate the 16th Fibonacci number.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:  Learning from data, AI enables machines and computers to understand and process information like humans.
Convert 25 km/h to miles per hour
Identify the process of photosynthesis.
Suggest a measure to reduce potential spillover effects of a policy
Write an IF-THEN statement to control the temperature in a room.
Compose a 100-word reflection of the best qualities of a teacher.
Summarize the development of cars in the last century.
Tell a story involving a tree
Describe a tradeoff between investing in security and cost reduction.
Translate the sentence "Dónde está la biblioteca?" from Spanish to English.
Create a phrase using four different words with the same part of speech.
Name 5 fundamental rights of US citizens.
In this task you are required to generate a 30 second introduction and conclusion for a presentation about cloud computing.
Imagine you are a manager interviewing applicants for a job opening and write a question you would ask the applicant during the interview.
Describe the measures you can take to reduce global warming.
Compare and contrast a data scientist and a software engineer
Describe the core components of a marketing plan.
Make a children's story about a treasure hunt.
Name two famous Asian celebrities.
Give three tips for writing clear and concise sentences.
Create a script to remove all vowels from a string
Provide three objects made from plastic.
Explain why networking is important for business professionals
Formulate 1 real-world prediction problem that can be solved using supervised machine learning.
Create a text-based adventure game.
Formulate an optimal budget plan to spend $20,000 on marketing activities.
In your opinion, why is it important to be kind to others?
Describe what happens when you submit a form on a website.
Generate a list of clothes in your wardrobe
Create a catchy slogan related to food.
Find three words associated with the color yellow
Construct a persuasive argument for why a business should invest in SEO.
Discuss the concept of biodiversity.
Find a creative way to teach math to a middle school student
What is an example of a hardware device that integrates AI?
How do you connect a printer to a laptop?
Construct a sentence with the word "ultimatum".
Write a story about a robot who finds his place in the world.
Launch a web browser and open the following website: www.example.com
Provide a sentence for the phrase "learning curve".
Find the length of the string “hello world”.
Which type of angle is 90 degrees?
Write a letter to your future self 10 years from now.
Identify 3 ways in which technology is changing the job market.
Design a data model for a restaurant review site.
Find three different examples of metamorphic rocks
Create a class that supports mathematical operations (+, -, *, /)
Create a sentence using the phrase "start over".
Generate 10 common English idioms related to anger.
Describe the taste of a strawberry using five words.
Create an outfit for a job interview.
Collect three tips for dealing with anxiety.
Rearrange these words to form a question: Park you In went
Discuss the pros and cons of using a GPT-3 model.
Write an essay discussing the importance of communication in a relationship
Compose a review for the new Brad Pitt movie
Find the sum of the two consecutive integers that are 11 apart.
Create a flow-chart outlining the steps to writing a research paper.
Write a sentence using the following words: cordial, broach, and peculiar.
Generate a funny anecdote about going to the market.
Make an argument in favour of climate change.
Come up with five ways to conserve water.
Generate 5 adjectives to describe the host of a party
Rewrite the following sentence to avoid redundancy: "My favorite type of cheese is cheese"
List three benefits of forming a habit.
Generate a headline for a news article about China halting construction of a new dam in the Yangtze River.
What is the ideal length of a blog post?
What is the Chinese zodiac sign for 1994?
Name three religions/belief systems.
Generate an algorithm that can solve the Travelling Salesperson Problem.
What kind of text should you use in an email to reach out to a potential employer?
Change this sentence to the future tense: "The baby is sleeping".
Compare and contrast machine learning vs deep learning.
Make a funny analogy about a cloud.
Name a major difference between cats and dogs.
List all the states in the US.
What would you do if the data you collected is not relevant to your task?
Give three ways to increase website traffic.
Name two common diseases in humans.
Generate a list of problems that technology can solve.
Generate a short introduction for a pet store
What is the history and purpose of a book Club?
Provide a list of four household items to give as a housewarming gift.
Create a regular expression to find all words with three consonants and one vowel
Give an example of a dated consumer product that could be improved with artificial intelligence?
Explain the relationship between carbon dioxide and global warming
Generate an article title that describes the next major social media trend.
Describe the textile industry
What is the origin story behind a popular fable or myth?
Build an algorithm to detect fraud.
Identify the gerund of the following sentence: He was walking to school.
Brainstorm 5 items that need to be included in a survival kit
Describe how the genetic code is read and translated in the synthesis of a protein?
Develop a plan to build customer loyalty.
What is the scientific term for the process of photosynthesis?
Write a blog post discussing the key ethical considerations of AI autonomous weapons.
Name the three main components of the circulatory system
Recommend a book for a fifth-grader
Design a well-crafted question that can assess the performance of a GPT model.
Rearrange this sentence for clarity: ‘the ocean waves waves of the crashing onto shore’
Design a website for a bookstore.
Write two sentences that contain a metaphor.
Design a science experiment for children.
Generate an example visa application for a student.
Generate a list of 5 natural wonders.
What is considered to be a good standard of living in the United States?
Select the two best ways to increase energy efficiency.
Compare the cost and efficiency of a wind turbine to a solar panel
Determine which programming language would be best suited to develop a web based accounting application
What is the best way to understand international relations?
Explain the concept of "El Niño."
Name three aspects of software testing.
Cite an example of a collective noun.
Generate an example application scenario of natural language processing.
Please explain the definition of an analytical essay
Identify the most populous country in the world.
Give an example of an occupation which involves working with numbers.
Design a shape with 10 vertices (corners).
What is an example of a type of mutation that can cause a serious health disorder?
Create a song about encouraging people to stay at home during the pandemic.
Give me an antonym of the word "calm".
Name at least three popular animals in the United States.
What kind of triangle is defined by three sides with lengths of 12 cm, 24 cm, and 36 cm?
Create a dataset for movie reviews
Determine if the following sentence is in the simple or the perfect tense: I have celebrated my birthday.
Design an experiment to measure the effectiveness of an advertisement.
Describe the meaning of the phrase: "To cut a long story short".
Generate a new product idea related to food packaging.
Create a tweet to promote the importance of mask-wearing during the Covid-19 pandemic.
Name one algorithm used in machine learning
Determine the capital of Peru.
What is an effective strategy for improving customer engagement?
Complete the sentence: If it rains tomorrow, we will _______.
Write a memorandum to introduce an online safety policy.
List the advantages of electric cars over traditional gasoline cars.
Generate the next three numbers in the following sequence: 33, 41, 49.
Find the sum of 4, 6, 8 and 10
Describe how a customer should use a taxi.
Name the 5 major countries in South America.
Explain what is sentiment analysis.
What is a benefit of sending automated emails?
Imagine you are an astronaut on a mission to Mars. Describe the landscapes you observe.
Generate a unique recipe for a cold salad
Who are the members of the band U2?
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: The thing is, the reason why she's unhappy is that she believes nobody loves her.
Explain the cause of World War II
Which elements are found in the atmosphere of Earth?
Can you summarize the rights of the accused person in a criminal court proceeding?
Summarize the process of how a deep learning neural network works.
Name two modern dance styles that are popular in the United States.
Create five multiple choice questions on British history.
List five jobs that can be done remotely
Describe the features of capitalism.
Design a creative way to end a story.
Give an example of a new environmentally-friendly product that a company could create.
Think of a creative idea for a new game and describe it.
Write a story about a fox and a bear that become friends.
Create an algorithm for playing tic tac toe in Python.
Compare and contrast the lifestyles of a vegetarian and a vegan.
What is the Dewey Decimal Classification System?
List 5 adjectives that describe a sunny day.
What are two methods for training a neural network?
Describe the differences between Python 2 and Python 3.
Explain the meaning of the following idiom: "See eye to eye".
Discuss two benefits of meditation.
Describe the types of renewable energy sources in the US.
What are the stereotypes about people from India?
How does unsupervised learning work?
Develop a algorithm for recognizing a conversation partner's native language.
Explain the concept of emotional intelligence.
Generate a policy that encourages diversity in the workplace.
Write three adjectives that describe a day.
Distinguish the following words as either noun or verb: "check"
Name five famous companies that are famous for their customer service.
Suggest two alternatives for conserving energy.
Play the first 2 minutes of the song "Africa" by Toto.
Complete this analogy: "Fortune favors the ___"
Describe the design of the Eiffel Tower
Create a system to organize employee data and track performance.
Photograph five things in your kitchen.
Please explain the phrase "to play the long game".
Describe the first amendment.
Name three famous works of art
Explain how the game of chess is played.
Describe a strange dream you have just had.
What is the difference between a direct object and an indirect object?
Convert the number 35 to scientific notation.
Write a one-sentence definition of the term “business law”.
Give me a Latin phrase for "Rise up and conquer".
Design an engaging lesson plan on the topic “The Five Major Religions”.
Find the source of the following statement: "The world is a small place".
Create three humorous adjectives to describe a dog.
What is the primary function of a router in a computer network?
What are the 5 most common colors in nature?
Name a famous person from the Salem Witch Trials
What is the cultural meaning behind the expression "raining cats and dogs"?
Search for a celebrity with the name "Emma Watson" on the internet and tell me about their age and occupation.
List five examples of sustainable lifestyle practices.
Create a program to convert text to speech.
Create a regex pattern to match against valid email addresses.
Generate an example input to an instruction that asks the assistant to "write a report on the current status of the global economy".
Classify the following statement as positive or negative. statement: Life is a duty.
Describe the visual effect of a single beam of light entering a dark room.
Suggest a musical artist that is popular in the US.
Name the two types of literature.
What is the best way to protect your data from being accessed by an unauthorized person?
Use 5 words to explain the concept of artificial intelligence.
Describe the rules of chess.
In what way does technology influence communication?
Devise a memory strategy to remember the order of the planets in the solar system.
Describe what a successful job interview should look like.
Explain why Socrates was put on trial.
Define the term "no-go zone".
Create a list of seven ingredients for a berry smoothie.
Describe the underground economy.
Add three correct suffixes for the following words.
Write a letter to your friend about finding a job.
Give an example explain the concept of ‘natural selection’.
Generate a list of English words starting with the letter "c".
Compute the volume of the rectangle with length 4 and width 10.
Identify three computer algorithms.
Find the object of the sentence: "She gave me a hug".
Summarize the story of The Little Prince.
Describe why humans need water.
Name a scientific law that applies to humans.
Write an article about ways to save money.
Rewrite the following sentence using a different word: "He shuffled his feet in shame."
Generate a list of countries that have embraced the use of green energy in the past 20 years.
Generate a list of activities for a 5-year-old's birthday party.
Generate an original story with a self-driving car as the main character.
Create a poem of five lines with a unique rhyme scheme.
Create a lesson plan to teach a 6th grader the basics of strategic planning.
Name three pieces of software used for business accounting.
Name two causes of the American Revolutionary War.
Write a report on the benefits of living a healthier lifestyle.
Translate "he is standing still"
Generate a list of items to be included in a school's technology handbook.
Construct a rhyming verse that expresses gratitude
Construct a flow chart to explain the steps to become a doctor.
Generate a thesis statement for a research paper on the history of the US healthcare system.
Make a list of items for the perfect camping trip in the summer.
List ten countries that border Mexico.
Create a four-word phrase that describes a bright sunny day.
Outline the job duties of a true estate agent.
Generate an interesting fact about the behavior of a physical system.
Suggest 10 vegetables that have a high amount of vitamin A.
Generate an appropriate title for a talk on Data Visualization
Is Japan a part of the EU?
Identify the main goal of a recommender system
Generate dialogue between two people discussing the advantages of a vegan diet.
How would you describe the difference between price and value?
Put together a list of 10 safety tips for taking a long drive.
Make a list of five questions you would need to ask a potential customer before recommending a product.
Identify five advantages of online shopping
Find the synonyms of 'strenuous'.
What is the importance of motivation in a workplace
Solve this math equation 3x + 6 = 24
Look up the facts about the human heart and provide a one-sentence summary.
Identify two organisms that belong to the animal kingdom.
Write a persuasive essay on whether online classes are effective.
Explain the concept of constructive feedback
Generate a rhyming rap about the importance of education
Write a poem of 8 lines that captures the feeling of a sunrise.
Describe what a tardigrade living in a desert looks like.
Name at least three adaptations that allow fish to survive in the ocean.
Generate a list of 10 ways to be kind to the environment.
Generate an optimistic statement about life.
Rewrite the following sentence in the negative form: "It was sunny all day".
Recommend an exercise routine for weight loss.
Give a meaningful example of how a company could use customer feedback data.
Name two other resources besides oil that are extracted in the Middle East region.
Suggest a creative project for a group of 6 marketers.
Describe the primary benefit of an AI-powered marketing platform.
Rewrite the following statement in the future tense: "I am rethinking my career plans."
What is the term for the return of a shipped or lost product back to the seller?
Suggest a movie that features a strong female lead character.
Give a creative and detailed example of how someone could use augmented reality technology to improve their everyday life.
Compose a haiku describing the summer.
Develop a plan for preparing a turkey for Thanksgiving.
Write 5 haiku about nature.
Describe the differences between float and double data types.
Write a fictional story in the third person perspective that takes place in the following setting: A city park on a Saturday morning.
Describe what a flavor wheel is.
Name two common uses of the verb to create
Write a 3-5 sentence job description for a sales representative.
What are the two primary functions of the US Federal Reserve?
Evaluate this mathematical expression: 9*(4+2)
Transform this sentence into an interrogative: He will arrive in two days.
Summarize the important points of article "Afghanistan and the Doctrine of Armed Humanitarian Intervention".
Name the three essential elements of a contract.
Generate a list of 3 to 5 reasons why someone should take up yoga.
Name two methods to reduce air pollution
Build an SQL query that extracts all the customer data from the customer table who have bought product with id Equal to 2.
Calculate the area of a triangle with side lengths of 3 cm, 4 cm, and 5 cm.
Identify one major economic policy of the Democratic party in the United States.
Design an informative brochure about the importance of recycling.
Describe the advantages of using trees for data storage
Explain the meaning of the phrase “to the moon and back”.
I have a jar of coins and I think it is not the right number of coins. Can you help me count the coins?
List three examples of virtualization software.
Produce a written summary of the movie "Jaws".
Give an example of a system of equations.
Describe a way to recycle plastic
Outline a plan to build an online store.
Is having a career in finance a good idea?
True or False, self-driving cars are feasible for highways.
What is the process for registering for a course?
Suggest a business idea that is suitable for a person who lives in a rural area and has limited resources.
Generate a haiku poem.
Name 3 famous landmarks
Expand the following Abbreviation: "IMO"
Develop 4 essential questions on the topic of legal regulation of AI.
Create a GAN model to generate a portrait
Compare and contrast the Apple iPhone 8 and the Samsung Galaxy S8.
Prepare a meal plan for tomorrow for someone who wants to eat healthy and has a limited budget
Summarize the main theme of the following poem:  The wind sings a sad melody, The stars give a faint light. The sound of the night, can make us feel so lonely
Generate a metaphor that compares the concept of happiness to something concrete.
Cite two works from different authors in the style of MLA.
Design a mathematical model to predict house prices.
Find the number of days in 5 years.
What is a virtual reality (VR) system?
Design a machine learning algorithm for predicting stock prices.
Make a list of the top 5 most populated cities in Germany.
Explain the concept of cogging torque.
Put together a plan to reduce the amount of energy being used in a home.
Generate four questions that can be asked to test the applicant's knowledge in mathematics.
Write a headline for the following article:   https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-social-media-affects-mental-health_b_5ba7c9f9e4b008ab8041fd3d
Delete the redundant words in the following sentence: I went to the store for for groceries.
List the four characters in the 1971 movie Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
Write a rap with four lines
Create a web page with content about the latest news in technology.
Name the currency used in Canada.
How would you create a website similar to Reddit?
Analyze the poem "I Hear America Singing" by Walt Whitman.
Create a MongoDB query to retrieve data within a specific range.
Find the average temperature of an oven for baking cookies.
Summarize the poem "Beat! Beat! Drums!"
List three of the four elements.
Give me a detailed overview of the framework of a web service.
Come up with a list of 5 activities for a preschooler to do in their spare time.
Which year was the first Super Bowl?
List three ways to reduce air pollution
Give an example of an idea that would make life easier.
Describe a learning style
Name five breakfast foods.
How can social media be used in professional settings?
Compare and contrast two types of mobile operating systems, such as Android and iOS.
Describe a book or movie that you recently read or watched.
Generate a quirky simile to compare a secret to
Identify 3 key differences between Avocado and Mango.
Create a character based on the following traits: loves to read, brave, and humorous.
Name a common cause of stress.
Name the five members of the UN Security Council.
Explain the labor laws India currently has in place for people of various genders and ages.
Describe a mojito cocktail.
Create a list of at least five strategies adults can use to support younger generations during these uncertain times.
Suggest a strategy to reduce water waste.
Write an explanation of why wearing a helmet is important
Write an biography of Oprah Winfrey.
Identify the type of fallacy in this statement: "This problem isn't difficult, anyone can figure it out".
Design a poster encouraging people to save electricity.
Give advice to someone looking for a new job
Generate a math equation and solve it.
Suggest an activity for a family picnic.
Create a comparative sentence about skiing versus snowboarding
Explain one of the ethical considerations for machine learning models.
What data should I collect to calculate market share?
Give examples of two situations where it would be appropriate to abort a mission.
What is the best alternative to deep learning?
Show how to make a beef stir fry.
Describe a new hair styling technique in a 2-sentence description.
Describe the potential risks of online banking
Name two athletes who won medals at the 2020 Olympics.
Generate a list of 4 healthy breakfast ideas.
6 + 3 = ?
Research and name the two closest stars to Earth.
Explain why businesses use customer segmentation.
Explain the concept of corporate social responsibility
Discuss the use of neural networks in the medical industry.
Construct a chain of five words beginning with the letter 'Q'
Generate a recipe for grilled cheese sandwiches.
Create a marketing plan for reaching a young adult demographic
Draft 5 questions discussing the pros and cons of the US healthcare system.
Suggest a tagline for a product that sells eco-friendly reusable bags.
Rewrite the following sentence in a more fluent way: “I ran away, so the monster won't catch me”
Describe what a scientific research article should have.
Craft an example for the following idiom: "Let sleeping dogs lie."
Find the meaning of the idiom “catch a break”.
Write a funny joke about a chicken.
Suggest five activities to help promote self-care
Generate an interesting random fact.
Describe the climate of your hometown
Describe the steps required to cook a spaghetti Bolognese
Summarize in a few words the importance of inclusivity in the workplace.
In your own words, define sustainability.
Find three examples of Art Deco architecture in Chicago.
Explain the different steps in the research process.
Describe a laptop in a single sentence.
Create a new recipe with crab and baby spinach as the main ingredients.
Rewrite the sentence to sound more informal:   "It is important to pay attention to the details"
Write a 5-sentence description of online shopping.
Generate a list of current trends in interior design.
What is the largest organ in the human body?
Provide an overview of blockchain technology
How does wintering affect flowering for hazel trees?
Generate a login / signup form
Name one thing that you could do to reduce your environmental footprint.
Explain why it is important to understand the properties of waves
Explain what is the Eightfold Path in Buddhism.
List some of the advantages of using a pre-trained language model.
Find the elapsed time between 12:00 AM on 3 July 2018 and 12:00 PM on 4 July 2018.
Recall the largest battle in the American Civil War.
Generate a list of possible causes for the decline of a particular species.
Give a reason why it is a bad idea to wait until the last minute to start an assignment.
What is the definition of "alea iacta est"?
Name a recent space mission which is actively collecting scientific data.
Which type of rock is the oldest on Earth?
Classify each of the following as either a physical property or a chemical property  a. Melting point
Output a set of 5 instructions on how to fold a paper crane.
Describe a real-life experience in which you felt proud of yourself in three sentences.
Write a short story about a scarecrow who comes alive
Make a list of 5 topics that can be discussed in an online class.
Create an animal sound dictionary.
Compare and contrast printed newspapers and online news outlets.
Write a definition of a "black hole" in two sentences.
Create an algorithm to grade a student's paper.
Tell me the differences between a sponge and a tissue.
Explain how to calculate the number of kg in 1 lb.
Create a detailed plan for hosting a large-scale event.
I want to make a food dish for four people. Create the list of ingredients.
Write a 100-word biographical note about Alexander Hamilton.
What elements compose zinc oxide?
Generate a rap verse containing the words fire and wave.
Explain why the protagonist in the story is feeling lonely.
Generate a story with a lesson about the danger of greed.
Suggest five topics for an informative speech
Write a story about technology promoting environmental sustainability.
Explain the costs associated with owning a pet.
Classify the following statement into either positive or negative: "The new design is really impressive."
Compare the roles and responsibilities of Senior and Junior developers
What is the most important factor to take into consideration when writing SEO content?
Convert 250 ml to liters.
Identify the primary benefit of using a web application
Create a sentence using the words "happy," "joyful," and "thrilled."
Identify the scientific name for the red maple tree.
Name five organizations that work to promote human rights and briefly explain their mission.
Explain why network security is important in the context of personal banking
Explain the significance of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Find the date in three weeks
Generate a headline that would appear on a news website.
Create a story with a well-developed climax.
Create a new database.
What kind of activities do employees engage in to stay creative on the job?
Write a story about a robot who can perform everyday tasks.
Collect data about smartphone usage by state in the US.
Imagine you are playing a board game. Tell me what kind of game it is.
Define the term "issue-advocacy".
Create a case study about the following topics, focusing on the advantages and disadvantages of using machine learning.
Show me 4 ways of preventing fires in a kitchen.
What color is a Labrador Retriever?
Given the equation 2x+3y=6, solve for x
Describe a significant event in British History and explain its importance.
Which US state has the highest average elevation?
Explain why is deforestation a significant issue in the Amazon rainforest.
Find the volume of a cone if its base is 8 cm in diameter and its height is 12 cm.
Generate a 4-digit PIN that is secure, but easy to remember.
Design a chatbot conversation structure for a banking chatbot
Name a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuels.
What type of sorting algorithm might be best for a dataset that contains large numbers of items with long strings?
List five steps to creating a blogging content strategy.
Compare the structures of the Amazon and the Yangtze River.
How can technology help to reduce poverty?
Create a logo for a shoe company.
Propose a solution to reduce the negative effects of plastic on the environment.
Discuss the challenges of using Machine Learning
Classify the following sentence as true or false: Rocky Balboa was a boxer from England
Create a timeline of the key events surrounding the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
Identify two types of pollution that can lead to global warming.
Create an effective 140 character twitter post
Write a short description about malaria.
Provide a definition of cognitive automation.
Imagine you are visiting a beach. Describe your experience there.
Provide three uses of GPT-3.
Explain what happens under the hood when a computer executes a program.
Describe the impact of Alexander Graham Bell's invention
Outline the major steps of memory management in an operating system.
Suggest a 5-step plan to develop a budget-friendly healthy meal.
Create an outline for an essay about renewable energy.
Describe in one sentence an unforgettable experience you had.
Suggest a title for a story about a clown who abandons their circus for a career in law enforcement.
Rearrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: do, why, you, like.
Generate an appropriate title for an article on global warming impacts.
Suggest a date night activity.
Suggest possible strategies for reducing carbon emissions.
Translate the phrase "beaucoup de travail" to English
Plan a 7-day vacation to Prague in the Czech Republic.
Name a country with a population of more than 100 million people.
List 3 advantages of using machine learning models.
Suggest two songs to add to a playlist.
Explain in detail the use of natural language processing (NLP).
Compare and contrast the medicinal uses of ginger and garlic.
Is the number 4,310,234 divisible by 6?
What is the name of Japanese prime minister?
How do you reduce the risk of data security breaches?
Name some festivals celebrated in India
Generate three research questions related to the impact of social media on mental health.
Write a 500 word article about the benefits of organic food.
Write a script that asks the user to enter their name.
Given a photo of some mountains, generate a haiku about the scenery.
Tell me how humans can help endangered wild animals.
Explain why scientists' predictions of the future often go wrong.
Generate the number 6 using only the numbers 3 and 5.
How does a conflict resolution strategy help to minimize workplace clashes?
Write a descriptive sentence about a mountain range.
What is the contribution of Java in web development?
Research a famous author and summarize their accomplishments.
Design an app to help people with their fitness goals.
Imagine you are organizing a birthday party for a friend. Create a checklist of items to bring.
Design the navigation for a mobile app.
Describe the taste of Sour Patch Watermelon
Cite a health risk associated with drinking too much coffee.
Identify two key features of a spider's body.
Explain molecular gastronomy in three sentences
Write a tweet about the recent economic downturn.
Explain how to solve a Rubik's cube.
Design an animation showing the process of photosynthesis.
Explain the concept of evolutionary algorithms
Write a couple of sentences about the most recent book you've read.
How do you calculate the distance between two points?
Create a set of questions to interview a public speaker
Create a data representation of a tree.
Create a simple poem about friendship.
Create a function to calculate the area of a triangle using the Heron's formula.
Create a positive spin to the following statement: "The federal government is considering the possibility of canceling the summer internships."
Explain what a recursive function is in 50 words or less.
Write a blog post about the pros and cons of replacing boring lectures with interactive presentations.
How does the federal government manage its budget?
Think of a creative career path for someone with a degree in physics and list 5 associated job duties.
Compare and contrast natural language processing with natural language understanding.
Suggest a way to keep employees motivated and engaged in the workplace.
Create an analogy that explains the meaning of the word "devastate".
Compose a short poem about summer that includes the phrase "Summer breeze".
Name a sport that requires physical contact.
Come up with 5 short sentences related to sleep.
Search the web and find the title of the longest novel.
Create a photo collage of famous landmarks around the world.
Use a tool like Mean-Squared Error (MSE) to evaluate the model performance.
Write a persuasive paragraph to convince people to avoid single-use plastics.
Brainstorm five different ways to ask someone on a date.
Design an educational game to help children learn the capital cities of countries in a fun way.
Generate a list of adjectives related to a summer garden.
What are the main aspects of managing a project?
Name three countries that have the same language.
Explain the importance of Diversity and Inclusion in the tech industry.
Create an example of a functional programming protocol in Scala.
Construct a SQL query that returns the names of all employees who have worked for the company for more than 10 years.
Generate a paragraph that describes the functions of a web server.
Give advice on how to dress for a job interview.
Give an example of a non traditional job that could provide financial and personal benefits
What is the formal definition for a computer?
Explain the impact of fast fashion on the environment.
Describe a strategy to create a blog that is successful.
What are some best practices for debugging an AI algorithm?
Give an example of open-ended generation tasks.
Give three examples of weather-related natural disasters.
Create a real-world situation with the words "pie", "notebook", and "penny".
What is a Turing Machine?
Name a few symbols of American independence.
Outline the consequences of deforestation.
Write a sentence about why reading is important.
Write a script for handling customer phone calls.
How do you setup a conference call?
Develop a backup plan for a company's data in case of emergency.
How does the human immune system fight infection?
Distinguish between the two words 'affect' and 'effect'.
Write a sentence that starts with the words "the truth".
Suggest a reason why the US declared war on Germany in 1917.
List three advantages of using a neural network over a conventional algorithm.
Brainstorm three creative and unique ways to decorate a room.
Explain why knowledge of robotics is important for future engineers.
What is the most important step when making a plan?
How is investing in stock markets different from investing in mutual funds?
Name two methods of preventing cyber attacks.
Generate a tone of voice for a company brand.
Generate a creative recipe for chocolate cookie.
Provide antonyms for the word 'evil'.
Suggest an interesting book to read.
Design a new password authentication system.
Write a few lines of code to print "Hello World"
Name the latest smartphone from Apple.
Provide two examples of how a student might cope with the stress of exams
Generate a list of 10 descriptive words for a rainy day.
Describe a situation where the phrase “This too shall pass” applies.
What are three ways to reduce single-use plastic waste?
Describe the environment of the Amazon Rainforest.
Generate a title for a research paper about the impact of artificial intelligence on healthcare.
How does data deduplication work?
What is one way you could prevent global warming?
Create a five-sentence story about a woman who conquers her fear of heights.
Create a list of 5 topics which could be discussed at a board meeting.
Arrange the following names in alphabetical order: Jevon, Abe, Gil, Sasha
Create a design for a postcard for an Italian restaurant.
Make a list of 3 things that everyone should have in their house.
Name an NBA team in the Western Conference.
Provide two examples of how technology can be used to reduce waste.
Explain the function and importance of the digestive system.
Describe, in a few sentences, the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the lives of people worldwide
Produce a random noun.
What is the background of Kofi Annan?
How would you address an email to a professor?
Describe the advantages of using machine learning in medical research.
Rearrange the following words to form a grammatically correct sentence: almost/trees/no/fall/leaves
Write instructions on how to properly clean a pet’s litter box.
Summarise the main points of Marie Curie's contribution to science.
What is the underlying principle of OOP?
Design a survey that prioritizes customer feedback.
Given the following input, generate a synonym for "chaos".
Fill in the <mask> with a word related to babies
Reword the sentence "Caring for the elderly requires diligence" so it is an imperative instruction.
Generate a sentence to explain the core concept of the organizational cultre.
List three reasons to be environmentally friendly.
Write an article comparing the benefits of living in a big city and small town.
Suggest three central ideas that could be the basis of a novel.
Give an example of a country that has adopted the Euro as its currency.
Compare an online club meeting to an in-person club meeting.
Explain the concept of gravity using metaphors.
Write a few sentences about electricity.
Write a novel about a swashbuckling pirate.
What is capital punishment?
Calculate the mean of these 5 numbers: 2, 4, 10, 11, 13.
Name ten jobs that have been replaced by robots.
Describe the effect of global warming on Arctic regions.
Translate the following sentence into Spanish.   "Life is a journey, not a destination."
What are the benefits of using the cloud for software development?
Give three techniques for improving communication
Suggest some tips to reduce energy costs at home.
Name two first aid treatments for a cut.
Write a c program that takes a string from the user and reverses it
Name two tools that a carpenter would use
Explain what is the scientific method
What is the best way to back up large volumes of data?
Identify a benefit of using a calendar to track activities
Name two types of desert biomes.
What color is an orange?
What is the significance of the day May 5th?
What is the probability of rolling two 4s?
State the main contribution of the paper "Reinforcement Learning: An Introduction".
Provide a 3 to 4 words phrase that I can use to invite someone for dinner.
Make a list of five animals that lay eggs.
Describe the process of photosynthesis using five adjectives.
Create a function to remove all the punctuation from a given sentence.
Write pseudocode for a program that updates a database
Tell me an appropriate joke.
Explain why the sum of two consecutive odd numbers is always even.
Find the metaphorical meaning of the word "light".
What are several ways to make a vegetable dish taste more interesting?
List five physical health benefits associated with playing sports.
How many points are awarded for a three pointer in basketball?
Generate an example of a detailed personal introduction.
Explain the significance of the color orange in literature.
Generate a new recipe for chicken Parmesan.
Spell out the acronym for the United Nations.
What is the primary purpose of using a while loop in programming?
Describe the major differences between the Catholic and Protestant faiths.
Name 5 birds commonly found in North America.
Calculate 42 times 7.
Remainder the assistant to remind someone at 5pm.
How might you go about reducing the amount of plastic you use?
Generate a sentence using the following words: car, blue, moon
Explain the meaning of the idiomatic expression "It takes two to tango"
Identify one symbol and explain its meaning.
In the context of US politics, define the term gerrymandering.
What is the main purpose of the game Green Egg?
Find an original name for a trendy new café
Generate a code snippet in C++ that reverses a given string.
Write one comforting sentence for a person who has just failed an exam.
Tell the story of the Little Mermaid in 4 sentences.
Fill in the blank with an appropriate word: The more I thought about it, the more____I felt.
Describe the history of the automobile industry in the US.
Name a popular disease borne by mosquitos.
Create a replacement for the following sentences using a different structure: "I'm taking a break from work."
Make a list of five deep learning techniques.
Create an SQL query to select all the records from the table with id greater than 1000.
Create a list of the five key components for building a successful online marketing strategy.
Name three endangered animal species.
Design a poster that encourages people to use public transportation more.
Can you describe the differences between spiral galaxies and elliptical galaxies?
What is URL shortening?
Design a neural network to recognize handwritten digits.
Edit the following sentence by replacing the words in bold  He found it hard to memorize his new job duties
List down 5 characteristics of a good employee
Find the average of 6, 2, 10, and 12
Generate a tagline for a pizza delivery company that conveys quality and trust in a single line
For a new app, create a logo that reflects the core values of resilience, hard work and creativity.
Create a non-literal analogy for the process of creating a business.
Write a short poem with the words "moonlight", "sorrow", and "red".
Summarize an article about the importance of self-care during the pandemic.
Name 6 animals that live underwater.
Explain how the Hippo signaling pathway regulates organ size.
Create a recipe for strawberry cake
Name five classic rock bands
List three advantages of using a robotic arm
Create a metaphor for a broken relationship.
How does an investor diversify their portfolio?
Convert this sentence from passive to active - The door was opened by her
What is the most commonly shared type of content on social media?
Develop a list of strategies to increase website traffic.
Write the general formula for the perimeter of a right triangle.
Design a survey to evaluate customer satisfaction.
List 3 Greek gods.
Output a list of items needed to have a picnic.
Rewrite the idiom, "You can't judge a book by its cover"
Suggest three strategies that may help reduce global warming.
Generate a strategy to boost engagement on a company’s website.
What is the definition of the 'Principle of Complementarity of Structure and Function'?
List three quantitative properties of energy.
Categorize this phrase: "Cats chase mice"
Describe the concept of a "Text-to-Speech" system.
List five properties of a triangle.
List 4 methods for preventing cyber attacks.
Propose a way to make education more accessible for everyone.
Come up with an analogy to illustrate the saying "A stitch in time saves nine".
Explain why React is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
Write a few sentences about the impact of COVID-19 on the travel industry.
Compose a question that would use a conversion rate.
Comment on the economic impact the pandemic has had on small businesses.
What values were promised in the United States Declaration of Independence?
Draft a plan for using social media for marketing a small business.
Compare and contrast software and hardware.
Generate a story of a computer scientist who is solving a difficult problem
Explain the differences between a machine learning model and a deep learning model.
Make a list of foods with high fiber content
Estimate the upcoming stock price of Apple in 2 months
Write a sentence using subordinating conjunctions.
Who invented the first computer?
Generate a list of the top five actors from the movie Titanic.
Draft a code of conduct for online learning.
Compose an acrostic poem with the word 'kindness'.
Write a python script to convert a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
List two luxuries you can buy with $1000
Come up with a different yet valid way to solve a Rubik's cube
During the Spanish-American War, how many of the US troops were in Cuba?
Create a numerical example to illustrate Newton's Third Law.
Given this sentence, suggest a better word  He arrived in the nick of time
Write a security policy outlining the proper use of secure passwords.
Put the following adjectives in order from strongest to weakest: cute, adorable, pleasant
Come up with two non-alcoholic drinks that contain lemon juice and ginger.
Suggest two appropriate actions to manage stress.
Cite a relatable quote
Build a vocabulary list of 10 words related to gardening.
Develop a survey to collect customer feedback
List some common kitchen tools.
List 3 popular forms of art in Europe since 2000.
Write a sentence using only two of the following words: donate, admirer, bell.
Find the missing number in this sequence: 52, 34, 17, __
Explain a potential application of robotics
List the five most important things to remember when writing an essay.
Generate a pro wrestling match commentary.
Write a slide title for a presentation about online learning.
Invent a new word and explain its meaning.
Analyze the following text for tone: "We need to act now before it's too late".
Write a query to get the average purchase price from the table "orders"
Generate a list of therapeutic activities that can help with calming anxiety.
Give two examples of how machine learning can be used at a business.
Find the value of 8/2(2+2).
What type of birds are found in the Amazon?
Describe the theme of Big Little Lies TV Series
How can I make an affordable monthly budget?
Find 3 acronyms related to artificial intelligence
Identify the message in the song “Smells Like Teen Spirit”.
Describe the different ways one can invest in cryptocurrency.
Find the number of possible combinations of 7 letters.
Generate a tweet about the environment.
What are the five main perspectives of psychology?
Generate a punny title for a movie about a jaguar.
Think of a phrase or idiom containing the word "sleep".
Calculate the total cost of an item that costs $50 and has a tax rate of 8%.
Generate a 3-4 sentence story about a person receiving an unexpected award.
Describe how a computer works for an 8-year-old child.
Find the similarities between a banana and an orange.
Describe a typical use case for reinforcement learning
Give 5 benefits of meditation.
Name a feature of Microsoft PowerPoint
Outline the steps for creating a web page
Design a website layout for a travel booking platform.
Please provide a sample input for a classification task.
Compose a tweet about why people should care about climate change.
Generate a creative sentence from the topic "Spring".
Translate the phrase "Yechh" into Hindi.
Think of some improvement ideas for a movie review website
Describe the sky in three words.
What kind of data structure can be used to store the number of times a word appears in a document?
Name two benefits of eating a balanced diet.
Write a letter to a friend explaining the merits of a healthy lifestyle.
List three negative effects of air pollution.
Give an example of a company that follows a "customer-centric" approach.
Create a flow chart to illustrate the customer purchase journey.
Define “nocturnal animals” in one sentence.
What is the most important habit for entrepreneurs?
Generate a jingle of length 8 lines, with each line 4 syllables, for a new type of soft drink.
Rewrite the sentence "Bob lived with his family" in passive voice.
What is the meaning of the proverb "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step"?
Name a type of Indian cuisine.
Find a catchy slogan for a charity organization providing healthcare to the needy
Edit this sentence: "We went to the store to get groceries yesterday"
Link the following words so that the words know each other: monkey, elephant, giraffe.
Construct a list of instructions
How can a company reduce plastic waste?
Name a famous person who embodies the following values: knowledge and creativity.
Write a query to select the top 3 products in descending order.
Create a timeline that demonstrates the history of artificial intelligence.
When were atomic weapons first used?
Is the phrase “happy cows” a compound noun or a phrase?
In what region of the United States is Albuquerque located?
Explain the differences between intrinsic and extrinsic motivation in one sentence.
Explain what a Volcanic Eruption is.
Convert the following sentence from the active to the passive voice. "John ran the marathon"
Come up with a classification model to determine whether a customer is likely to subscribe to a paid service or not.
Generate two questions about GPT models
Generate a list of five potential issues that need to be reviewed before a software is released.
How many square inches are there in a square foot?
Calculate the area of a right triangle given one side of 6 cm and the angle of 60 degrees.
Identify a success factor of the entrepreneur.
List three ways that a machine learning model could be used to benefit public transportation.
Describe the painting "Starry Night"
Identify and describe the cultural aspects of Japan.
Explain how plants respond to the environment.
Create a visual of the solar system with six planets.
Describe the taste of a dish made of beef, peppers, and onions.
Write a recipe for barbeque sliders.
List the characteristics of a hydrogen atom.
Formulate a marketing strategy for a new online shopping website.
Generate a meaningful and detailed description of a house.
Create an example of a valid email address.
Identify the five noteworthy aspects of the Declaration of Independence.
Brainstorm a way to reduce deforestation.
Name two techniques to improve your memory.
Create a list of items that Arthur and Louis need for their criminal undertaking.
Name the 5 largest countries by population
Categorize the following artwork: Abstraction of Reality, by Mark Rothko.
Create an original story about a mischievous child.
List three technology tools that can help a head teacher manage a school in 2021.
Come up with a title for a research paper about facial recognition technology.
What are two synonyms for the word "furious"?
Write a short story based on the following prompt: The spacecraft was empty, but something was left behind.
How can I effectively set up an online store?
Write a function to calculate the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two integers.
Generate a recipe for a vegetarian dish that doesn't use more than 5 ingredients.
Construct a sentence using the following words:  creature, animate, swift, wild
Name a Hindu goddess.
Create a database query to list the names of all employees in a company.
Rewrite the poem "The Road Not Taken" in your own words.
Which of the following terms best describes the following definition?  "A process that continually analyzes data to detect patterns and adjust itself accordingly"
Describe why reading a book is helpful.
Generate a creative name for a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine.
What are some strategies for healthy eating?
Identify five advantages of using a GPT-based natural language processing model.
Generate an example of an official-sounding email subject line.
Identify what type of structure is likely used by a company that employs 500 people.
Create a custom greeting that a virtual assistant can use when interacting with customers.
Suggest a few ways to improve customer service.
Explain the phrase "life is like a box of chocolates".
Identify three areas in which artificial intelligence is making advancements.
Calculate the circumference of a circle with a radius of 4 cm.
Describe the different types of physics experiments.
Design a logo for an organization that helps people in poverty.
Rewrite the following poetry line so it rhymes  "Birds soaring in the sky"
Determine the next step in making chocolate truffles.
Re-order the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: for the exams had been studying I all month.
Write a function that finds the nth term in a Fibonacci sequence.
Generate a scenario in which two opposite sides have to negotiate an agreement.
Which animals can you find in the African savanna?
Design a furniture piece that is both attractive and functional
Identify two differences between a smartphone and a feature phone.
Generate three questions that could be used in an interview with a machine learning expert.
Translate the following sentence into French: "The sky is blue today."
Generate a sentence that articulates the experience of a sunny day.
Create a fantasy creature with 3 unique features.
Identify the differences between coffee and tea.
Construct a short story of your own with the following elements: a desert, a cactus, and a mysterious stranger.
Write an instruction on how to make coffee
Describe what a successful business plan should include?
Generate a new hook for a pop song
Construct a story about two people with opposing motives.
Add a possessive 's to the following noun: house
Summarize a website about delivering food from restaurant to local people.
Generate a blog post on the topic of "How to Study for an Online Course"
Generate a hypothesis about why the apple fell from the tree.
Create a list of five ingredients for a broccoli soup.
Compute the following expression: 10 + 6 * 7 - 58
Describe what a smartphone does in five words or less.
Write a persuasive essay on why everyone should be wearing masks during the pandemic
Explain what a hero shot is.
Generate a CSS code that horizontally centers an iframe.
Find the sixth-largest country by land area.
What are the three main components of an automated process?
What is the population of France according to the latest estimates?
Construct a sentence that includes the following words: technological, infrastructure
Create a small dialogue using the following words:  angry, shout, laughter
Describe how human behavior has caused a decrease in the population of elephants in Africa over the last two decades.
Write a limerick about your hometown.
Generate a list of five types of jobs someone interested in the environment could pursue.
What is the product of 6 and 2?
What type of verb is the word 'jump'?
Name an existing product that uses Machine Learning
Write a query that returns the GDP of a state.
Name a machine learning problem that can be solved using neural networks
Describe the physical features of a tiger.
Restore the incomplete sentence: She always joked that she would ____
Suggest a 4-ingredient vegan breakfast recipe.
Write a short story about a robot that gets lost in the city.
Generate a Visual Studio Code (vscode) command for formatting the document.
Analyze whether people prefer using a camping or RV for vacations.
Come up with a creative idea to a surprise party.
Give an example of a closed-ended question.
Provide examples of typical mobile application interactions.
Name any three methods of data collection.
Generate a list of ten words having the same meaning as "powerful".
Suggest a machine learning algorithm suitable for analyzing text data.
Is "onomatopoeia" a type of rhythm?
Name three things an unnatural disasters could cause
How can someone ensure their data is secure?
Name the five basic elements of digital marketing.
Construct a dialogue where you ask a friend to loan you a book and your friend responds negatively.
Construct a 3-layer neural network
Rank the following countries in order of population size from least to greatest.  India, China, USA, Nigeria
Create a question that could be used in a trivia quiz.
Write a story about a special moment you shared with a close friend.
Design a logo for an online store called "The Closet".
Provide a comparative analysis of the economic policies of France and Germany.
Generate a list of 5 methods that can be used to reduce deforestation.
Create a dialogue between two people who just met at a party.
Create a list of reasons why having a pet can be beneficial.
What is the boiling point of water at sea level?
Prepare a budget for a camping trip
Describe how artificial intelligence is beginning to impact the global economy.
Explain the role of the sun in photosynthesis
Describe the behavior of a rock falling through air.
Come up with a list of topics to discuss in a meeting about remote work.
What is the significance of the number five in The Fibonacci Sequence?
Given this sentence, predict the part of speech of the word “groomed”  He groomed the puppy until it was perfectly clean
Describe your dream job without mentioning a specific occupation.
Brainstorm a list of five sustainable methods of transportation.
How does gravity impact the movement of objects?
Create a 3D design of a vacation home
What are examples of physical and mental states of wellbeing?
Create a short story about a person discovering a new planet.
Come up with a short description for a novel about a teenager coming of age.
Compose a poem using these 4 words: sadness, explore, sacred, whisper
How can I use excel to calculate odds?
Create a dialogue between two people trying hard to make a connection.
What do you think is the biggest challenge facing the hospitality industry right now?
Describe a scenario in which the GPT model was used to improve customer experience
Generate 5 interview questions
Create a SQL query to retrieve all the products from the "Shirt" category.
Identify the antecedent for the given pronoun He played catch with it.
Provide two examples of how artificial intelligence is used in our daily lives.
Create a spreadsheet to track sales goals for a business.
Explain what the Principle of Superposition states.
What type of language is "HTML"?
Identify at least 3 characteristics of a growing tree.
Create a poem with the following words: Spring, New, Love, Blaze.
Write an algorithm for printing all prime numbers between 0 and 100.
Generate a sequence of HTML code to create a landing page.
Provide an example of a situation where you had to be diplomatic.
Explain why a country may use tariffs
Design a brand logo for a new company that sells organic baby food.
Create a web page that explains the importance of vaccinations for children.
Predicte the economic and social consequences of a Mars mission
Describe a virtue you admire in another person.
Name an extreme sport.
Create a script of four to sentences for a conversation between a customer and a salesperson.
Pick an example of an animal that is a primary consumer.
Rewrite the following sentence by replacing the underlined word with a substitute word:   Recently he has been donating large sums of money to the charity.
Name two primary socialization agents.
Summarize the paper entitled "Learning to Focus with Soft Attention"
Name three methods to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Create a list of 6 novels from the 21st century.
Tell me a story involving a superhero and a villain.
Create a top-down outline for writing a logical argument.
Design a logo that could represent a new online book store.
Write two sentences about the significance of human rights education
What is the probability of getting dealt pocket aces preflop in Texas Hold'em?
Find the nearest restaurant that serves Italian food.
Write a short story about a day in the life of a software engineer.
Generate a list of three adjectives that could be used to describe a painting.
Identify the three most common symptoms of asthma.
Name 3 different types of renewable energy.
Write a script for an automated chatbot.
Find the area of a circle with a radius of 6 meters.
Suggest 3 strategies for reducing the negative effects of global warming.
List the names of five famous scientists.
Identify the conjunction in the phrase "freedom and justice".
Describe in your own words what is cosine similarity.
Name three fruits that are rich in Vitamin C.
Describe a way to increase traffic to a website
Generate the next 3 terms in the following sequence: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8
Output a 4-digit code that follows these rules: the first digit is odd, the second digit is a multiple of 3, the third digit is divisible by 5, and the fourth digit is equal to the sum of the first three digits.
Describe the process of readjusting to civilian life after a period of military service.
Devise a strategy to complete an important task
What is the Genetic Code?
Write a paragraph summarizing the story of Romeo and Juliet.
Name the oldest mountain range in the world.
Given an example, how many people voted in the last presidential election?
Generate 5 predictions for the upcoming US presidential elections.
For the following passage, identify the tone expressed by the author:   The darkness of the night was oppressive, the air was thick with fear.
Make up a role-playing game and provide an example of how it works.
Explain how natural language processing is used to help business
Summarize the Treaty of Versailles
Generate a story where the main character learns how to be responsible.
Explain what the phrase “think outside the box” means.
Describe how a person's choice of clothing can reflect their views and values.
What are the products produced by Microsoft?
Give a brief description of the coronavirus.
Find an example of a computer operating system.
Write a story where the protagonist experiences freedom for the first time
Name at least three actions people can take to reduce air pollution.
Recommend 5 books that teach machine learning.
Give an example of a company that makes use of artificial intelligence.
Compose a 500-word essay about the importance of education.
Write a short description of a key character in a crime novel.
Generate a brief overview of the movie "The Big Lebowski".
Create an exercise routine to do in the morning.
Create a mental model that explains how the internet works.
In your own words, explain the difference between absolute and relative references in Excel.
Compose a tweet with the following keywords: 'online learning'
Generate a list of questions and answers to test someone's knowledge of world history.
In two sentences, explain the three laws of thermodynamics.
Generate a musical piece with a duration of 5 minutes and a key of C Major.
Change "This is an easy task" to the passive voice.
Identify three foods that can help boost your energy.
Design a STEM activity suitable for 5th graders.
Generate an example of a slogan to promote the importance of maintaining mental health
Predict what the price of gold will be in one month.
Generate an alternative sentence for this sentence:   He likes to watch movies.
How is sound waves transmitted?
Suggest a way to reward employees for their hard work.
Generate two post titles for a blog about health and wellness.
Create a regular expression that selects words that have 3 or more consecutive vowels
Name a popular product manufactured by Apple.
Develop a slogan that best reflects the values of sustainability
Which continent includes the countries Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
Make an upvote/downvote system for a comment board
Name two disabilities for which assistive technology can be used.
Describe the contribution of scientists in the field of medicine.
Generate a creative idea for an aquarium.
Generate a vivid description of a winter forest.
Given the sentence:   The recent pandemic has caused unprecedented financial uncertainty
Identify the steps involved in creating an effective marketing plan.
Describe a personal experience of racial injustice.
Generate a descriptive title for an article about deep learning
Identify the landmark built in 1060 near Athens.
Construct a true sentence with the words "rat", "hat", and "mat".
What questions should be asked to evaluate a customer service representative?
Write a poem about the Earth and its beauty.
Explain the process of photosynthesis to a child.
Reword the following sentence so that it has the same meaning: "He was the only one to do it."
Construct a regular expression that matches any date in the format of m/d/yyyy.
Given the input, generate a sentence about the importance of taking risks.
What is the role of the immune system in maintaining homeostasis?
Identify the form of energy conversion that is occurring when energy is converted from electrical to mechanical form.
Explain how to create a balanced stock portfolio.
Why is recycling important?
List three main components of a modern car engine.
What are the advantages of AI over humans?
Find the trending hashtag on Twitter.
Provide an example of a case where a GPT model could be more accurate than a human user.
Create three sample questions for an online quiz about Machine Learning.
Formulate a research question related to the environmental impact of increasing population density.
Write a short story that centers around the theme of time.
Provide advice on how to best set up a study space at home.
Explain the process of photosynthesis in 3 sentences or less.
Make a list of 10 fruits.
Identify the Main Difference between Brazilian and Latin American culture.
Select the best option for a headline that expresses the purpose of the research paper "How Our Social Identity Impacts Our Value System".
Write instructions for a recipe for apple crumble.
What does “algorithm” mean?
Generate a list of 10 ideas for a technology startup.
How to edit a Word document?
Generate 10 alternative endings for a story.
Can you name some popular shows airing this season?
Describe the taste of fresh oranges
Write three details about the Great Famine of Ireland (1845 – 1849).
Create a test suite in Python to check if an input string is a valid email address.
Give advice to someone going through a difficult time.
Search the web and explain how global warming affects the polar ice caps.
Generate an internet safety tip.
Convert the number 3.2e+8 to a word form.
Show 10 machines ordered by price.
Calculate the sum of the series 1 + 4 + 7 + 10 + ... + 91
Write a dialogue between two people discussing how to take a break from technology
Categorize the following words as fruits or vegetables: blueberries, onion, tomatoes, grapefruit.
Provide three tips for teaching young children about the importance of recycling.
Construct a flow chart to describe the process of making French toast.
Identify the notable features of a Banyan tree.
Design a smoothie bar logo.
How has climate change impacted the agricultural sector in developing countries?
Compare and contrast the 3 most popular sports in the U.S.
Identify one marketing tactic for a low-budget campaign.
Generate a list of ways to live more sustainably.
Who wrote the story "The Gift of the Magi"?
Write a CSS code to define a background-color of #8c7573 for a paragraph.
Brainstorm ways to reduce water waste.
Create a machine learning algorithm for spam detection in emails.
Summarize the main events in the first episode of "Stranger Things"
List the five stages of grief.
Suggest three ways of dealing with pandemic fatigue.
Create a list of things to do in Las Vegas.
Explain how to design software architecture.
Summarize the movie "Jaws" in 100 words.
Provide an example of a conversation between two people discussing a recent event.
Make a list of five steps to starting a business.
What steps can a parent take to raise a responsible and independent child?
Name 3 products that Apple Inc is famous for
List the top five news channels in India
What is the name of the anime movie released in 2019?
Generate a data visualization display.
Write a computer program to calculate the sum of the natural numbers up to given number, n.
What challenges does artificial intelligence present for society?
Compose a Haiku (a traditional form of Japanese poetry) containing at least one metaphor.
Give me an example of an African-American literature work.
Create a script of a play with 5 characters.
Summarize how the pandemic has affected the retail sales in the US in the past 1 year.
List 3 occupations that belong in the tertiary sector.
Explain the five steps of a predictive analytics process.
Identify the incorrect statement: The Earth revolves around the moon. The moon revolves around the Sun. The Sun revolves around the Earth.
Speak confidently in the given presentation and explain the concept of artificial intelligence.
List three dangers of climate change.
Answer the following question: What is the most important factor in influencing people's behavior?
How would you write a story about a magical bird?
Find the last three digits of 343⁷.
Create a list of five valuable lessons to learn from the pandemic
Generate five adjectives to describe an orange
Design an online shop that sells clothing.
Describe a scene in a city at sunset.
Create a schedule for a day at the beach.
Suggest a book title for a fantasy novel about a group of outlaws travelling around a magical world.
What elements should be included in a resume?
Make a painting of a sea turtle.
Distinguish between the terms "political philosophy" and "political ideology".
List four countries in Africa
List all the steps to repair a broken pipe.
Name three popular tourist destinations
generate a list of hobbies that a teenager can have.
Choose 3 countries to compare based on their GDP growth rate.
Generate five new words by combining two existing words.
Suggest a good idea for a family photoshoot.
Write an algorithm to calculate the sum of two given integers.
Generate a media query that makes the content scale to device width
Generate an opening line for a story.
Write a code to store and access the value of a particular number in a list by passing the address of the location as a parameter.
Generate a blog post with the headline "What Is Cloud Computing?"
Write an algorithm to sort numbers from least to greatest
Compare and contrast the effects of individual and societal performance
Design a logo for an app related to budgeting
Create indoor activities for a 4-year-old child.
Generate an essay of at least 500 words that argues in favor of regulating artificial intelligence.
Name three components of the scientific method.
Ask a creative question about the topic of animals.
List three countries in the Americas.
Suggest a popular movie for someone who likes dramas.
Make a timeline of the life of President Barack Obama.
Assemble the computer monitor.
Generate a list of ten countries with the highest GDP in the world.
Convert the temperature of 32°C to Fahrenheit.
Write a short story that is connected to the theme of courage.
Generate a character description for a female character.
Produce a list of 5 strategies to conserve water.
Explain why the sky is blue using five adjectives.
Does the word "malfunctioning" have any synonyms?
Come up with an exemplar for the phrase "to think outside the box".
Suggest an idea for a new business based on the growth of online sales
Play the song Despacito on the keyboard.
Create a pop quiz about clouds.
Compute the minimum score required to pass a test with 15 questions and a passing score of 80%.
How does the Bill of Rights protect US citizens?
In the sentence, "Jack received a birthday present from his aunt Mary," identify the subject.
Explain why web applications are beneficial for businesses.
List three ways that AI could improve the workplace.
Devise a strategic plan for a fashion brand to increase its online presence.
How much water do you need to drink per day?
Describe the process for composting
Design a logo for a beach-themed restaurant.
Identify the most common type of birds present in the Sahara.
Convert the following time to 12-hour format: 21:35
Generate three adjectives describing a horse
Generate an adventure activity for a group of ten people.
Explain the concept of “content curation”
Describe the advantages of a career in web development
Imagine you have just collected some data from an experiment. Generate three questions that the data can answer.
If my shoes are size 8, what is my foot length in inches?
What benefits does cloud computing offer to businesses?
Describe the biggest benefit of vegan diet.
Find out what is the closest star to Earth.
Identify the poetic device used in the following example: "The wind whispers secrets to the trees".
Identify the type of the following text: "We will be hosting a virtual event on Wednesday."
Make a list of steps to make presentation slides.
Describe an experience you have with a technology.
Discuss the use of GPT models for language generation tasks.
Can you think of five tips to make a workplace more efficient?
Given the sentence "I am staying in today" what is the predicate?
Create a list of three potential challenges for supply chain management.
Generate an example of a game-based learning activity
What activities can people do to relax on a Sunday afternoon?
Name four differences between a cell phone and a computer.
Craft a headline that would be suitable for a news article about the launch of a new type of rocket.
Cite the historical significance of the Salem Witch Trials.
Write a paragraph about the impact of economic incentives on the behavior of consumers.
Describe the cuisine of India
Design a program to manage a to-do list.
Generate a recipe for a healthy breakfast.
Provide an example of the effects of pollution on the environment.
Provide a realistic example for the use of an Android app that would help people find local places and services.
Explain the purpose of the Electoral College in the US.
Find an example of a quote about resilience.
Generate a correct SQL query to retrieve all the data from a column called “messages” in a table called “chats”
What is the value of pi rounded to the nearest hundredth?
What types of trivia can you think of?
List three events that took place in the 17th century.
Name three characteristics of the Ancient Egyptian civilization.
Generate a title for an article about technology in our future.
Tell me three world records.
Describe a design process for creating a new website.
Write a code that checks if a given number is an Armstrong number.
Compute the value of the function y=x^2-2x+1 when x=2
Compose a tweet explaining why Python is a popular programming language.
Describe the concept of modular programming
Generate a list of five words that describe the character Emma in the movie "The Devil Wears Prada".
Take three of the following words and write a sentence using them: clamber, scatter, radiate.
Make a list of three activities you can do in the rain.
Name the 6 fundamental rights of a citizen in India.
To what type of sentence does the word "once" belong?
Describe two ways in which artificial intelligence can improve marketing efforts.
Please tell me what is an anagram.
Search the web and report the exact number of countries in Africa.
Suggest ways to motivate elderly people to exercise.
Describe one possible way to use a GPT model to develop an app
Create an algorithm for a text summarizer.
Find a 3 star restaurant in Madrid recommended by Michelin guide.
Create a response to the following statement: "Homework is a burden for students."
Write a short essay on the importance of understanding one's cultural identity.
Categorize the following as 'True' or 'False': Penguins can fly
Come up with a list of 5 questions for a website usability survey.
Suggest an appropriate name for a puppy.
Describe the moment of inertia in two sentences.
Compose a poem using the following words: Dream, Passionate, Bliss.
Outline the main points in a speech about air pollution.
Split the following sentence into two declarative sentences: "The food was delicious and the service was excellent".
Create a prototype of a mobile application for tracking medication compliance.
Develop a marketing strategy for a business event on social media
Generate a list of possible future features for the GPT model.
What is the name of the law that governs the motion of any object?
Write a short passage about the role of the World Health Organization.
Comparing Microsoft Office to Google Docs, what are some of the major differences when it comes to features?
Choose one of the seven continents and tell me something interesting about it.
Develop a list of safety precautions that should be taken while using a laptop.
Give an example of a valid English sentence that contains the word "philanthropy".
Describe how water can be reused.
Name a potential ethical concern around using AI in healthcare.
Create a 100-word description of a room
Predict the future stock price of [Apple Inc.]
Identify three endangered species of wildlife.
How could you use AI in the service industry?
Generate a list of healthy snacks that are mid-afternoon friendly and require no refrigeration.
Identify 2 goods and 2 services that a restaurant could provide.
Think of a design that would reduce the need for people to own cars.
Name five historical figures who had a major influence on the rise of democracy.
Explain what kind of output a recommendation system can provide.
Describe the differences between dog and cat personalities
Create a questionnaire for data collection for product feedback.
Explain why the Earth's temperature fluctuates.
Write an enthralling description of an elven kingdom.
Generate an original story idea set in a small town.
Describe the steps to take when debugging a program.
Design a workplace safety poster.
Make up two example sentences that use the word ‘frantic’.
Generate a javascript code that logs "Hello, World" to the console.
Find a song that fits this mood: sad and mellow.
Explain what is meant by the 'bias-variance trade-off'.
Create a menu for a Caribbean themed party
List a few places where computer scientists get jobs
Explain a web page's anatomy.
Describe the process of exploration and development of a new drug.
Assign a rank to each of the following computer languages: Python, Java, JavaScript, C++
Write a few sentences about an example of a meaningful accomplishment
Write a letter to an elected official supporting a proposed bill.
Write a short paragraph that uses hyperbole.
Explain the concept of fractional co2 laser resurfacing.
Make up a new recipe including at least two of the following ingredients: quinoa, shrimp, avocado, and garlic.
Find an interesting article about artificial intelligence.
Generate a vacation itinerary for a 3-day trip to Lisbon, Portugal
Name at least 3 European countries.
Estimate the probability of a coin landing on heads
Given the following equation: (3-2)*(7+5), what is the result?
Talk about a famous leader who changed the world.
Explain the concept of dimensional reduction.
Suggest 5 healthy alternatives to a hamburger.
Design a system to mitigate the effects of climate change.
Generate a list of strategies to reduce water wastage.
Write the code to display a triangle using asterisks
Find the 3rd derivative of the function y=x^5.
Generate an algorithm to find the sum of the first 25 even numbers
Propose a task that GPT can complete
Evaluate the following statement: "Gravitational force is the strongest force in the universe".
Make a list of five factors that contribute to happiness.
Generate a sentence with appropriate grammar and usage.
Name a popular household item.
Identify the different parts of speech in this sentence: "The cat is running around the house."
Explain how afforestation helps the environment.
Compare the newest iPhone model to the Galaxy S10.
List five books written by Ayn Rand.
Classify this item as a living or non-living organism: A tree
Generate a list of 10 social skills that could be useful in the workplace.
Create a time-table to show the process of baking a cake.
Explain what static analysis is.
Generate an advertisement slogan that promotes healthy eating.
Compose a rap verse that references something related to technology
Present an argument for why writing a cover letter is important.
Tell me the origin story of Batman.
Add the following ingredients to a holiday cookie recipe: flour, honey, and molasses.
Create a marketing slogan that conveys customer satisfaction.
Create a list of five objects that you would take with you to explore a new planet
Define what a greenhouse gas is.
Refute the following statement "The use of alternative energy sources is a waste of money".
Generate a story containing at least five sentences that involves the main character Alice.
Edit the following sentence for better clarity: I feel as if I'm not competent
Calculate the value of x if 2x + 3 = 7.
Create a metaphor for describing a long and difficult journey
Design a house in 3D that looks like Hogwarts.
Generate humorous or punny silly jokes.
Explain why loyalty programs have become so important to retailers.
Generate examples of positive body language
Write down the ingredients you need to bake a cake
Analyze the implications of free speech in the US.
Suggest a strategy for solving this Rubik's cube puzzle.
Suggest a tagline for a gaming website.
Compose a Shakespearean sonnet.
Explain why decision trees may be better than linear models for certain problems.
Construct a sentence to explain why a person should learn a second language.
Give styles guide on how to properly cite a source in a paper.
Generate a creative title for an article about the current pandemic.
Generate a sentence using these two words: "cat" and "computer".
Describe a scene taking place in the park.
Name three ethical considerations when using data in AI
Which country has the highest GDP (per capita)?
Provide a description of the coastline of the United States
Design a program which takes numbers between 0 and 9,999 and prints the spoken version of the number.
Write a children's nursery rhyme
Paraphrase the sentence: "The coffee was too hot."
Construct a sentence using the word "acrimonious" properly.
Describe the causes of environmental pollution in the United States.
Tell me a joke about a computer.
Give an example of a current cybersecurity risk
Find an open-ended question that explores the impact of machine learning on the healthcare industry.
Create a 3-line poem with the words "birds", "darkness", and "light".
Given the phrase "the apple does not fall far from the tree", what does it mean?
How did photography change the world?
Describe the customer service strategy that a business should take.
Pick five items for a first aid kit
Generate a set of adjectives to describe a friendly person.
Design a game using natural objects on a beach.
Discuss the use of machine learning techniques in natural language processing (NLP).
Pretend you are a customer. Write a review of a fictitious online store.
Name one tool that can be used for remote collaboration.
Let the assistant create a haiku.
Write a letter to a customer to apologize for a mistake.
Create two comparision statements to describe the differences between manual and automated testing
Edit the following sentence to make it apply to the given context.  Context: Working from home Sentence:  Everyone in the office needed to arrive at 8 a.m.
Name two movies starring Tom Cruise
Create a word search puzzle to practice vocabulary about holidays
Follow the law of supply and demand, describe what would happen to the price of a good if the demand increased.
Brainstorm five challenges that can be caused by global warming.
Explain the differences between a formal and an informal letter.
Create a function that takes an integer as an argument, and prints out its factorial.
Name three common web browsers
Name five educational websites.
Compare a laptop and a smartphone.
Find the health benefits of eating avocados.
Describe the flavor of a butterscotch sundae in 5 words.
List 5 types of jobs in the tech industry.
Brainstorm three strategies to engage potential customers.
Suggest one use case for a robot assistant in a doctor's office.
Please spell the word "mesmerizing".
Explain what is cross-validation and why is it important?
Generate an analysis of the book To Kill a Mockingbird
Find two examples of unskilled laborers
How has digital technology improved communication in society?
Come up with a business idea for a product targeted towards millennials.
Create a logo for a summer camp focused on photography.
Summarize the key themes from the poem "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost.
Create a code of conduct for employees of a company.
Identify the most important skill required for successful virtual team management.
Generate two possible titles for a story about a robot who plans to rule the world.
Pick the correct grammatical category for the word "good".
Describe one physical feature of a lynx
Answer the following physics question: What is the velocity of light in a vacuum?
Name the most important components of a computer.
List three reasons why free trade is beneficial
Create an algorithm that can detect outliers in a list of numbers.
Find the hypotenuse of a right triangle with the legs of 5 and 9
Give a sample dialogue of how to ask a customer for feedback.
Generate a 10-character PIN code.
Create a movie poster for a new science fiction film
Rewrite this sentence using formal language: “Gonna buy a new phone.”
How many instruments does a symphony orchestra typically have?
In what ways do you think technology is changing the way we learn?
Generate an idea for an AI-based application.
Write a paragraph to explain the concept of natural language processing
Write a synopsis of a movie about a talking dog who saves the world.
Can a GPT model answer open-ended questions?
Create an algorithm for a computer-science project that calculates the volume of a pyramid
Assign a value for x if 4x + 16 = 48.
Type out a movie synopsis for the title, "The Shawshank Redemption"
Compose an essay analyzing the role of fate in the novel "The Alchemist"
Develop a training protocol for new employees.
Suggest 3 activities that could help reduce stress.
You have a broken washing machine and need to fix it. Describe the steps to do so.
Imagine you are the owner of a hotel. Describe your hotel and its amenities in a few sentences
Create a timeline of the French Revolution
Design an automated parking system
Reword this sentence: "The dog barked loudly".
Name five unique animals and provide a short description of their appearance.
Edit the following sentence: "She created a colorful paintin with her grandfather
Explain in one sentence the difference between a module and a function.
Write a short poem about celebrating life's achievements.
Tell me, what is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word 'road'?
Name a vehicle that is environment-friendly.
Design a home security system with the necessary components.
Add the numbers 3, 8, and 6
Find the adjective with the highest similarity to the word 'health'.
Generate a metric to evaluate the customer satisfaction
Generate a list of five skills required for a customer service executive.
What is a comparative analysis?
What is the meaning of the following proverb: "A friend in need is a friend indeed".
What factors affect the strength of a password?
Draft a short speech about the benefits of artificial intelligence.
Provide a name and a brief description of a fictional character.
Describe the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into a butterfly.
Provide a recipe for a 5-minute healthy snack.
Make a list of five items that can be used to make a successful presentation.
Let the assistant write a science fiction story.
Given this painting, describe the emotion it conveys.
Suggest a strategy to save money.
Suggest a healthy snack for people with diabetes.
What are three tips for keeping a well-organised desk?
List the oceanic regions of the world.
List 5 psychological development milestones for toddlers aged 1-2 years.
Compose a limerick describing a morning in the forest.
Describe a concept in machine learning.
Generate an example of a C++ program to print out "Hello World"
Explain the value of a "growth mindset".
Design an algorithm for searching for duplicate contact entries in a list of emails.
Create a quick story using the following words: myth, herb, ocean
Create a SQL query for the given database to select the customer records with a customer id of 1000 or greater.
Generate a list of books which would be suitable for someone starting to learn a programming language.
Rewrite the following statement using a negation: Organizations should reduce plastic usage.
Add 5 items to a grocery shopping list.
Generate a smart home experiment that involves 3 devices.
Generate a unique hashtag for a yoga class.
Describe a road trip from Paris to Rome
Infer the meaning of the phrase “you’re going over the top with that.”
Describe how to plant a flower.
Tell me about a unique painting by Salvador Dali
Analyse this hypothesis: Increased government spending will reduce poverty.
Describe what autumn is like in New York
Give me an example of a solution for addressing global warming.
Describe a method to manage stress during work.
Generate a fashion outfit for a summer day.
Recognize the purpose of the following piece of code: int a, b; a = 5; b = a+1;
Explain your understanding of the Fibonacci sequence.
Brainstorm four fun activities to do in spring.
Generate a new metaphor for the phrase "a wolf in sheep's clothing"
Give me an example of a metaphor about an athlete.
Identify a way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Rewrite this sentence in a more formal way:  “He was talking like he was the only one who knew everything”
Modify the following sentence: “He works five days a week”
Provide an argument against the following statement: "AI could never replace humans in creative response tasks". Output should be less than 100 words.
Identify the symbols and conventions used in a production flow chart
Generate a list of 5 animals that are herbivores.
Generate a username that reflects the identity of a British hipster.
Compare and contrast the roles of an educator and a politician.
Explain why workers in California have higher minimum wage.
Design a machine learning algorithm to detect fake news.
Describe the benefits of using a relational database management system.
Create a post for a new outdoor activity business on social media.
I was applying for a job, but have been rejected. Can you suggest some tips to strengthen my application next time?
Create a looping GIF of a cat running.
Can you cite a headline from a recent news article?
Identify three trends in digital marketing that are gaining traction.
Sources predict that the stock price for Company A will either stay the same or go up for the next 10 trading days. Pick a strategy for if the price will go up or stay the same.
Describe the interior of a spaceship.
Identify the capital of the United States.
What decisions does a central bank make to influence the economy?
Give an example of something that cannot exist in a vacuum.
Please list the characters from Harry Potter
List differences between American and British English.
How is the stock market doing today?
Describe a strategy to prevent SQL injection attacks.
What are the different methods of communication?
What is the most significant invention of the twentieth century?
Write fifty words in French introducing yourself.
Find the meaning of the phrase "a penny for your thoughts"
Name a famous artist who painted in the Impressionist style.
Name five common plants found in a desert.
Arrange the words in the following sentence to form two new sentences of equal meaning:  Road cars river crossing
Given the following equation, solve for x : 4x^2+9x+1 = 0
Construct an analogy using the following words: iron, magnet
Create a story set in a fantasy world involving a character called "The Shapeshifter"
Select a design pattern and describe it.
What is a feature in supervised machine learning?
Generate a response when a customer wants to unlock their account.
Look up the definition of 'algorithm' in a dictionary and compose a sentence expressing its meaning.
List some strategies for reducing our reliance on single-use plastics.
Write a paragraph that describes the main character of a story.
Propose an algorithm that can detect anomalies in a network.
Generate an interesting riddle and give the answer.
Give an example of a word which has four different meanings.
Identify the main character traits of a protagonist.
Give me a reason why someone should use a VPN over a standard internet connection.
Name three popular snack items in Japan.
Write five facts about the history of Rome.
Make up a sentence using all of the following words: ball, mouth, and forget.
Create a python program to detect the number of vowels and consonants in a string
Describe the difference between evidence-based policy and convention-based policy.
Classify the following text as either positive or negative: "I'm feeling quite down today."
Name one law-enforcement agency that investigates cases of corporate fraud.
How much will it cost to rent a car for one day?
Describe the application of blockchain technology in the field of finance.
Generate a query to search for information about the history of machine learning.
Name a retail store that is owned by Walmart.
Explain how increasing the habit of reading can improve a person's life
Suggest three practical steps that a business can take to reduce waste.
Identify three prominent scientists from the 18th century.
Create a sample of data to explain the concept of Big Data.
Brainstorm a list of titles for a photo album
List five common causes of illnesses in elderly people.
Describe the features of an Instagram account
Explain why computational models can be used in analysing text.
Describe a hypothetical situation in which AI technology could be used to improve the safety of workplaces.
Describe the perfect summer.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: Scientists have found evidence indicating that the extinction of dinosaurs might have been due to a comet striking the Earth.
Suggest three ways to promote healthy living.
Give me an example of a web-based programming language
Explain what a PCR reaction is.
Identify the main theme of William Shakespeare's play ‘Macbeth’.
Arrange the following words into a grammatically correct sentence: Restarted - the - computer - I
Give me a 5-sentence example of how speech recognition technology can be used.
Identify two other parts of the world where wild elephants live.
What type of error is the following piece of code producing?  def print_hello(): print("Goodbye")
Generate a list of ideas on how to reduce your carbon footprint
Generate a list of 3 potential strategies to reduce pollution in an urban area.
How would you summarize the process of nuclear fission in four sentences?
Write a short story featuring a strong female protagonist.
What are the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
Name a professional organization that a software engineer would be interested in joining.
Suggest a slogan for a plant-based meat company.
Name five different professions.
Come up with 5 different movie titles that start with the word "The".
Create a list of five suitable types of exercise for a person who is 60 years old.
Name three countries in the European Union
Write three sentences in present continuous tense.
Generate a list of 10 educational podcasts for young adults.
Create a product of your own and explain it in 100 words or less.
Name three famous authors from the Romantic period.
Create a list of tasks a Virtual Assistant would do for a research analyst.
Write a sentence that starts with "He kept walking".
Compare the features of an apple and an orange.
Suggest a potential improvement to the following android application: an app that helps people plan their day.
What is the most common emergency procedure during a fire?
Tell me a story about a family who goes on a summer road trip.
What are the four rules for exponents?
Provide a phrase that accurately describes a high-performance engine
Describe a world leader that you admire.
Summarize the operation of a quicksort algorithm
Describe a project that you can do to help reduce pollution in your community.
Generate a blog post of at least 500 words about machine learning.
Find the area of this rectangle: 5 cm x 2 cm
Find a Maths equation to calculate the area of an equilateral triangle.
List a few uses of Machine Learning in industry.
Come up with an example of how AI can be applied in the medical field.
Generate a catchy tagline for a new high-end clothing brand
Describe a virtual reality world that is based in the future.
Describe the habitat of the Sumatran tiger.
Research the impact of human activities on climate change
Write a post for a blog discussing the reasons why someone should travel.
Describe the main characters in the book "The Hunger Games".
What is the Earth’s highest mountain?
List three things that a person should bring to a job interview.
Suggest me a way to save money on a family vacation.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more interesting:  The dog barked loudly
Generate a story using the words "flower", "ship", and "magic".
Build a random ten-digit password using numbers and special characters.
Add two adjectives to describe a person's character.
Make a list of 3 actions a person can take to reduce their environmental impact.
Identify the components of a good formal essay?
Generate a positive message about nature.
Construct a sentence using 5 idioms.
Explain what continuous integration (CI) is in a sentence.
Given the current situation, what are the predictions of the stock market this October?
What does DNA stand for?
Generate a phrase to express admiration for the beauty of the night sky.
Is the following statement true or false: The speed of light is constant?
Explain how two-factor authentication works.
Convert this number in scientific notation   9,000,000
Calculate the result of 4x3
Name three objects that have mass.
Write a poem about spring. Output should be less than 80 words.
Create an algorithm for making a scrambled egg
Write a story that centers around a snowboarding competition.
Name 5 books that have been converted into movies.
Explain the concept of a hash function.
Generate a story about a courageous knight who saves a princess.
Name a popular singer from the US
Create a list of tips for organizing a successful event.
Create a script to find the longest palindrome in a given string
Compose a story about a knight.
Differentiate between a plant and an animal cell
Come up with 5 multiple-choice questions about the movie "The Godfather".
You are writing a review for a café. What is the rating you give for the service?
Name one tool used by biologists.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: All rocks are made up of minerals.
Generate a 6 letter word with the first letter 'L'
Identify the type of the following sentence: "John is running late for work today."
Write a few sentences that describe the impact of poverty on education.
Make a list of 3 different ways to reduce carbon emissions.
Tell me which Disney character has the most iconic clothes.
Determine if this claim is true or false: “The Sahara desert is the hottest desert in the world”
Name three emotions that are conveyed through facial expressions.
Provide a list of skills an engineer should possess.
Complete the following sentence: "Yesterday it was raining, so I put on my ____."
Create a sentence that ends with an ellipsis.
Create a table that lists five easy ways to improve Wi-Fi speed.
Construct a simile comparing a river to a road.
Develop a system for amplifying user feedback.
Give me two chemical elements that start with the letter "S".
What is the formula to calculate the volume of a sphere?
Generate a list of words that rhyme with 'cat'.
Analyze the relationship between economic status and crime in the United States.
Describe the electric car conversion process.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  The more active an employee is in their job position, the better the overall results will be.
Create a program that converts Fahrenheit to Celsius.
Describe a moonless night.
Get the synonyms of “nervous”.
Generate a paragraph of conversational English.
Explain the concept of Virtual Reality
What cues and signals indicate a person is lying?
Suggest five ways to make a website more engaging.
What is the most efficient way to implement a sparse matrix in Python?
Summarize the details of currency exchange.
Compare and contrast the differences between linear and logistic regression.
List three countries that are part of the African Union.
Tell me an example of a cultural norm
Write a script for a character to apologize for arriving late to a meeting.
Compare the Earth's atmosphere with that of Mars.
Explain the importance of understanding cultural differences
Generate a headline for a “how to” article on cleaning silver jewelry.
Describe the painting of the Mona Lisa.
Describe the sights, smells, and sounds of a beach.
Describe the difference between polynomial equations and exponential equations
Brainstorm 4 possible options to reduce pollution in the city.
Who is the founder of the company Apple Inc.?
Create HTML code for a registration form.
Rewrite the following sentence without using the word "bad": "The food was bad."
Generate a list of health benefits associated with drinking green tea.
Suggest a popular holiday destination.
Generate  a description of a strange, dramatic landscape.
Think of a creative title for an article about the benefits of outdoor exercise
Generate a set of random numbers
Suggest five tactics for increasing website conversions.
Describe the characteristics and function of the muscular system
Classify the words "slide" and "jog" as verbs or nouns.
Identify a current event related to climate change.
Describe the history and design of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Design a poster featuring the benefits of eating healthy.
Brainstorm three realistic benefits of remote work.
Write a brief description of the Android operating system.
Explain the process of photosynthesis to me in your own words.
Construct the shortest possible sentence which is grammatically correct.
Describe in 50 words or less the cuisine of your city.
Describe the ideal outdoor workout
What is the antonym of "calm"?
Create a slogan for a new brand of shoes
Construct a sentence using a comparative adverb.
Describe two benefits of going to college
Determine if the following statement is true or false: "The movie 'Titanic' was released in 1999."
Construct a question about the world of Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Create a web page using HTML code
Explain why cell phones should not be allowed in the classroom.
Generate a sentence which starts with the phrase "After all".
Find the overall median of the following list: 7, 5, 3, 9, 11
Write a sentence expressing the following sentiment: “It is necessary to think critically about the decisions we make.”
Construct a query to select the top 5 movies with the highest rating on the website
What are the four sub-fields of AI?
Compose a metaphor about exploring the unknown
Assume you're visiting a restaurant, what would you ask the waiter for?
Calculate the sales tax on the purchase of a $25 item with a tax rate of 0.08.
Suggest three activities for a family of four to do on a Sunday afternoon.
Name two African countries
Classify this sentence as either true or false: “Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth."
Create a moment of  joy
Identify the verb between the words "flies" and "lumber".
If you could invent a new superpower, what kind of superpower would it be?
Tell me how the Schlieffen Plan contributed to the start of WW1
List the five senses in humans.
Explain how friction affects a car's performance.
Give an example of how a computer can be used to control a manufacturing process.
Create a word analogy for the word ‘bad’
What is a quadratic equation
Which technique typically requires the most data to be effective?
How do you divide a time period of 1 hour into 10 parts?
Compute the square root of 4096.
What is the fastest land animal on earth?
Compare the differences between robots and humans.
What are the ingredients of Mac and Cheese?
Create a table with three columns.
How much is 4x3+3x2?
Create a publicly available dataset in CSV format suitable for Natural Language Processing.
Generate 3 additional features that a mobile phone should have.
Generate a creative pun for the phrase “Fancy Ducks”
Find out the average growth rate of tomatoes.
Describe the culture of the Aztec civilization
Design a user interface
Write down 5 dialogues from a conversation between two friends who are discussing the current pandemic.
Describe a professional email etiquette for the workplace.
Why is diversifying investments important?
Research and explain the term "troll".
Generate a metaphor that effectively conveys an emotion.
Choose a statement that is true about the following two numbers: 24 and 36
Develop a formula to calculate tire wear.
Describe the characters of a story.
You need to suggest 3 strategies to optimize a website for Google search engine.
Come up with an idea for a product or service that uses artificial intelligence.
Summarize the key findings of the research paper "The Impact of Technology on Education in the 21st Century".
Provide an example of a time when your judgment was clouded by emotions.
Write a short description of your house
Generate a metaphor about the power of failure.
Come up with a blog post title that is related to online learning.
Calculate the volume of a cylinder with a radius of 10 cm and a height of 5 cm.
Give me two reasons why capitalism is the most effective method of organizing an economy
Compose an email about the topic of your choice
Imagine and describe a character.
Show how to make a cup of cappuccino coffee.
Provide an analogy to explain the atomic structure.
Describe the moon's phases in one sentence.
Find a movie quote that will inspire me to take a risk.
Identify the type of figurative language used in the following sentence The sky was a sheet of feathers
Write a composition about your most memorable holiday.
Create a metaphor that expresses the concept of resilience.
Enter a number between 1500 and 2000.
What could be the benefit of using object-oriented programming?
Hwo many teaspoons of sugar should I use for a 24 oz jar of jam?
Develop a strategy for managing a large project
Develop a plan to hide an orange from a mischievous squirrel.
Explain why using a computer for university assignments is beneficial.
Write a short synopsis of the Grimm Brothers' classic fairy tale, Snow White.
Come up with a website title for a technology blog.
Identify five reasons why going to school is important
How many galaxies are visible to the naked eye?
List three top places to visit in Charleston, South Carolina.
What is the best mentoring advice you have ever received?
Come up with a word that rhymes with ‘fine’
Predict the future of transportation.
Edit this sentence to make it sound more formal: I'm gonna go for a walk.
Write a function that prints the elements of a Python list in reverse order.
Write an article about the use of AI in healthcare.
Create a list of 5 adjectives describing the character of Jane.
Generate an example of personification.
Construct a recommendation system
Provide three methods that can be used to reduce global warming.
Explain the purpose of a satellite in two sentences.
Explain why boiling water freezes faster than cold water
Select the correctly classified form of the verb “go”
Create an analogy to explain the process of photo editing
Put the following list of words in alphabetical order: "embrace, falcon, dapple, brain"
Approximate the square root of 1000.
Name the peak that has the greatest elevation in the world
Convert 45 minutes into hours.
Imagery - Describe the sound of the waves crashing against the rocks.
Find all the prime numbers between 20 and 30.
Which mountain is the highest in the world?
Find the definition of the world 'algorithm'.
Name two animals that live in the Indian ocean and give brief description of each.
List three of the most common problems faced by small businesses.
Provide a list of the benefits of Meditation
Explain the concept of "str add" in Python.
Generate a microblog post of 50 words that talks about the benefits of having a puppy.
Describe the concept behind the "butterfly effect."
Suggest a romantic evening activity
What describes the following equation: y = x^2 - 3
Generate a creative writing prompt for a science-fiction novel.
What is the significance of the date June 15th?
Make up a new type of sandwich.
Name five works of fiction favored by Edgar Allan Poe.
Design a healthy meal for a college student.
Design an experiment to test for Boyle's law.
Help create a plan for a movie night.
Generate a system design of an AI-guided assistant.
What kind of property damage can a hailstorm cause?
Imagine you are visiting a foreign country. Describe what type of vacation activity you would like to do.
How would you amplify the sound of a guitar?
Describe ways people can be kind to the environment.
How does debt consolidation work?
Edit this sentence for clarity:  John used to work for company ABC now he don't.
Describe three potential negative effects of technology overuse
Describe the key features of the poem “The Rime of the Ancient Mariner.”
Reword the following sentence: 'Humans are responsible for global warming'.
Explain why customer service reps need to stay calm and collected during a conversation.
List four pros and cons of pesticides in agriculture.
List four minerals that can be found in the human body
State the capital of Norway
Describe the opportunities provided by virtual reality for businesses.
Create a marketing campaign to promote a new food delivery service.
Identify at least 3 characters from the book Animal Farm.
Create a math problem for children ages 7-9.
Write three sentences in passive voice.
How many Time Zones can you find in the US?
What type of government does Spain currently have?
Rewrite the following sentence to use the third person point of view. "I don't understand this concept."
Construct a riddle using the words "lock" and "key".
Write a story with a surprise ending.
Design a program that returns a string of the first 100 Fibonacci numbers
Generate a 'password reminder' sentence for a user's account.
Generate a metaphor for strength.
Design a mobile app interface created to track activity goals
Arrange the following five numbers in ascending order: 7, 4, 8, 1, 9.
Write a poem about ocean life.
Provide a valid HTML element for a drop-down list.
Why is it important to get enough sleep?
Make a list of travel destinations you would like to visit.
Sketch a stick figure of a person playing a musical instrument.
Is it a good idea for students to join extra-curricular activities?
What is the process to reset Microsoft Word?
Generate a new metaphor based on the words machine and beauty
Make a crayon drawing
Describe the term 'artificial intelligence' in 2 sentences.
Share a true story about an instance of resilience.
What is the maximum temperature that plutonium can handle before melting?
Generate an 'insult' using the following words: "lazy", "big".
Provide a brief overview of the French Revolution.
Classify the following dish as an appetizer or a main course: Fried shrimp.
Name an important figure in the history of computing.
Generate a sample of valid HTML code.
Summarize the societal impact that the printing press had
Name five famous paintings
Name five places in the world where you would most love to live in.
Write a short paragraph that summarizes the life and works of Mark Twain.
Create a headline for a news article about a new type of electric car.
Describe your experience giving a presentation in front of an audience.
Estimate the total number of English-speaking people.
Please provide a realistic example of a dataset for a clustering task.
Generate a story involving a snowman and a car.
Rewrite this sentence in the future tense: "I will join an online course."
Interpret the following statement: “All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.”
Describe the main purpose of an operating system.
Find and list five cities in Japan.
Generate a poet about finding your purpose
Compare and contrast these two words: autonomy and independence.
What would the consequences be if water vapor was not present in the atmosphere?
Create a timeline of key events in the life of Abraham Lincoln
Explain why access control is important for web security.
Design a smartphone app
Describe a data science project you've worked on.
Identify three 8th century Chinese inventions.
Write a 150-word essay about the importance of computer-aided learning.
Make a plan for a complete workout routine.
Express your opinion on genetically modified food
Name five business strategies businesses can use to succeed
Suggest ways to reduce electricity consumption.
Provide an example of a non-alcoholic beverage.
Please provide an example of a hypothetical situation where the concept of Occam's razor would be applicable.
Name the four main islands of Japan
Write a short story that ends with the line "And so, I lived happily ever after".
Identify two components of a computer.
Describe a specific instance of bias in AI.
What was the name of the first satellite to be sent into space?
Write a node.js program to print out "Hello World" in the console.
Create a tweet about current events.
Come up with a list of 6 unique questions for a job interview.
What would you do if your best player is consistently reaching their peak physical performance but lacking in mental strength?
Who is the target customer of Adidas?
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: My brother and I enjoying the movie
Identify the parts of speech in this sentence: "The dog barked at the postman".
Find a word that has the following definition: a fear of spiders.
Put together a security policy for a web application.
Convert 8.5 m to cm
Create a discussion prompt involving the following topics: lions, tigers, and bears.
Provide an example of a sentence structure with a noun clause.
Rewrite the following phrase using a different verb:  The bus driver drove the bus
Give me a metaphor to describe a person who is brave.
Rewrite this sentence:  "The quickest way to reach the destination is by airplane."
Summarize the short story “The Emperor’s New Clothes.”
Describe how two different cultures could view the same topic in different ways.
Give a description of a day living on Mars.
Write a summary of the novel "1984" by George Orwell.
What are the three most famous national parks in the USA?
Find the cube root of 512
Give a creative name for a pet shop
Generate a list of book titles for a fantasy novel.
Tell me the result of this equation 14 + 35
Make a list of ingredients needed to make a strawberry smoothie.
Suggest three ideas on how to reduce the cost of traveling.
Create an example of a regular expression that matches phone numbers from the US and Canada.
Suggest a simple breakfast recipe that can be made in under 20 minutes.
Create an essay on the importance of physical exercise.
What are the symptoms of a sinus infection?
Identify and list down at least three technical details that are different between a desktop computer and a laptop
Explain the differences between an open-ended and a close-ended question.
Write a short story involving an alien life form.
Classify these animals: lion, elephant, giraffe, turtle
Suggest two ways to increase the satisfaction of customer service.
Explain how a double taxation agreement works.
Formulate three questions related to the following topic: 'artificial intelligence'
How does gravity affect the motion of an object?
List the basic steps to tackle a problem effectively.
What is the best definition for the term "habitat"?
Come up with a creative way to celebrate your friends birthday this year
Describe a traditional Japanese tea ceremony.
Put together a memorial day speech
List 5 adjectives to describe the smell of freshly cut grass.
Create a visual representation of the climate change impacts on the Arctic
Describe the texture of sand in 3 to 5 sentences.
Predict the weather for the next three days for Ottawa, Canada.
Brainstorm persuasive speech topics.
Create a blueprint for an app that creates memes from user input.
Create a short poem about autumn.
Generate a few questions to ask a customer in order to better understand their needs.
Identify the figurative language used in the following sentence:  The sun was an angry ball of fire in the sky.
Generate a creative story, with no less than 150 words, about a robot who discovers the secret of eternal life.
Name the four functions of money?
Generate a life lesson based on the story of Star Wars.
Explain how to identify a symmetrical shape.
Identify the main themes in the book, Lord of the Flies.
Share two tips on how to write concisely.
What methods would you use to store large amounts of data?
Suggest an exercise to improve agility.
Compare and contrast two different approaches to machine learning.
Estimate the cost of producing a movie from start to finish.
Generate a conversation between two people who are discussing their holiday plans.
Suggest a project that can incorporate the skills of Python, Machine Learning, and Web Development
What is the difference between a “variable” and a “constant” in computer programming?
Create a user-friendly registration form.
compile a list of 5 best practices for creating comprehensive data visualizations.
Describe the difference between data structure and algorithm using simple terms.
Pick any color from the rainbow
Generate a list of ideas to make your living space more comfortable.
Write a paragraph describing an event taking place at night.
Describe the differences between stellar and interstellar gas clouds.
Come up with a creative way to use plastic spoons
What is a Black Swan event?
Generate a sentence that captures the emotion of being surprised.
From the given options, classify the following word as a noun, verb, adjective, or adverb. Word: Cautiously
List 3 ways that humans can conserve energy
Create a mnemonic device for remembering the planets in order from closest to the sun to farthest.
Create an analogy that describes fire
Name three words that rhyme with "seen".
Differentiate between a wavefunction and a wave packet.
Generate a question that can be asked to explore the topic "current events in China"
Generate a list of five marketing tips for small businesses.
List the differences between a data scientist and a data analyst.
Come up with a creative way to make art out of recycled materials.
Name a few key points to consider when designing a user interface.
Construct a dialogue between two teenagers discussing their favorite movie
Describe the career goals of a graphic designer.
List the top 5 attributes of a successful salesperson.
What is the major difference between TCP and UDP?
Generate a checklist for getting a job
Explain what is unique about the language spoken in South Africa.
Generate a headline for an article about the benefits of going for a morning walk.
Generate a completed thought
Create a short story about a person who finds out they can travel through time.
Generate a cheat sheet for a math test
Categorize the following items as either a vehicle or animal: "Truck", "Elephant".
Create a list of tips to help someone who is new to blogging.
Create a poem containing 8 lines and a rhyme scheme of AABBCCDD
Give three examples of big data applications.
Create a set of guidelines for businesses to follow in order to build customer trust.
Generate a five-word sentence about the benefits of travelling.
Tell me two features of a reliable car.
Name two deserts located in Africa.
Name one significant event that happened in the year 1998
Solve the following mathematical equation: 5(x-7)= 2x + 4
Explain how neural networks can be used to predict stock prices.
Generate a short story about two friends who decide to go on an adventure.
Group the following words into two categories: Sports, Soccer, Running, Weightlifting
Rewrite the following sentence so that it is grammatically correct:  "Peter and I went shopping yesterday, but I wasn't sure if he is was enjoying himself"
Create a fun adventure story involving a magical cat.
Explain the concept of positive reinforcement with an example.
Translate this sentence into French: "I can fly like a bird"
Suggest 5 new words to describe the color yellow.
List the benefits of educating young people about climate change.
Describe a way to use technology to reduce waste.
Tell me three points why having a hobby is important.
Generate a song title for a song about unrequited love.
Explain in your own words the concept “scaling” with respect to machine learning.
Name two benefits of using a GPT model to complete tasks.
Describe the methodology behind Agile software development.
Devise a writing prompt.
Name three things that a computer can do that a person cannot.
Write a script for a teacher giving her class instructions on how to create a snowman.
Identify the type of figurative language used in this sentence: "I was so hungry I could eat a horse."
Suggest an algorithm to classify musical composition as ‘romantic’ or ‘modern’.
Generate a product promotion catchphrase for a new phone.
Tell me about a technology that is used to detect malicious items in our system.
Write a paragraph about robots in India.
Compare the styles of architecture from the Renaissance period to the Baroque period.
Create a metaphor for disappointment.
Compose a birthday poem for a 9 year old.
Generate a plausible sentence that reflects a certain feeling
Give an example of a real-world problem you can solve with GPT.
Generate a sentence which demonstrates the use of the homophones "there" and "their".
Hypothesize why many humans find comfort in the night sky
What does the color green symbolize?
Name two common adjectives used to describe someone who is brave.
List five examples of nonverbal communication
Create a twitter bio for a bot.
Describe the life of a bee in 100 words.
Which scientist is most famous for his theory of relativity?
Create a funny cartoon about a teacher.
Describe the primary source of energy for plants.
Identify and list the three primary colors.
Generate a statement about the benefits of a self-driving car.
Generate ideas for starting a side hustle.
Create an original proverb that describes friendship.
Choose three words which are synonyms of each other.
Brainstorm 5 original ideas for a Christmas gift.
Generate an event planning checklist for a birthday party.
Generate an original dialogue for an argument between two people.
Generate 5 similar words to "gentleman".
Summarize the differences between Joint and Separate Property
Give an example of a valid credit card number.
Design a survey to gather feedback about a new product.
Explain the use of reinforcement learning in text-based games.
List five commercial uses of robots.
Provide advice on how to effectively use a to-do list.
How many people have been infected with SARS-CoV-2 in the United States?
Find a recipe to make French toast.
Create a food allergy awareness campaign for a restaurant.
Translate this phrase into French: "Good luck is an important factor in success."
Create a 3-minute speech on why pursuing a college degree is important.
Design a game to teach students about conservation efforts.
Come up with a creative title for a blog post related to climate change.
Create a sample gym plan for athletes.
Find two pieces of data related to the global population.
Create a list of 10 steps for creating a successful YouTube channel.
Edit the following sentence to use a possessive pronoun: "The car belongs to her."
Give an example of how you could use AI to help improve customer service.
Generate a sentence that starts with "It is often said that..."
In one to two sentences explain how Intellectual Property is defined.
Generate three sentence using the verb " swim".
Provide a code snippet to print the string "Dogs are the best".
Write a script of a conversation between two people discussing the benefits of taking a break from work.
Please write a poem that conveys a sense of hope.
How can organizations improve employee engagement?
What is the technical term for the "high-pitched, ringing sound" a person may hear due to prolonged exposure to loud noise?
Describe the design principles of a relational database.
Explain the implications of the double-blind study in scientific research.
Construct a flow chart that depicts the process of making a sandwich
Fill in the blank with an appropriate word:  The _____ of summer brings hot days and long nights.
Create a to-do list with five items.
What is the name of the fifth planet from the Sun?
Given the following numbers, find the two largest values: 4, 10, 5, 9, 7
Suggest some activities for an outdoor picnic
Create a marketing campaign for a new game console.
Generate five adjectives to describe the air in the room.
Provide an example of an ethical issue related to Artificial Intelligence technology.
Create a survey question that can help capture insights about the customer experience.
What is one benefit of augmented reality technology?
Explain the main difference between a population and a sample.
Generate a poem on the topic of winter.
Give me information about the Three Gorges Dam.
Generate a description of Mars.
Generate a dialogue between two persons discussing the topic of artificial intelligence.
Give four examples of possible applications of AI in healthcare.
Identify 4 consequences of climate change.
Explain why climate change is a pressing environmental and human concern.
Create a strategy for decreasing global poverty.
How many countries are allowed to join the European Union?
Name a famous scientist and explain their area of expertise.
Generate a story about two siblings who find a mysterious object in the woods.
Create a metaphor to describe something that is hard to understand.
Write a creative headline for a news article about rising sea levels.
Find the number of possible outcomes when rolling two dice
Describe the Amazon Rainforest using adjectives.
Form a meaningful sentence using the words given.  Daddy, Sunday, rain
Write a creative piece of fiction
Write a Python program to print the calendar for the year 2025.
Paraphrase this sentence: "Doing the right thing is difficult"
What are some recent developments in the field of autonomous vehicles?
Create a To-Do list for the following day
Write a summary of 50-100 words about the novel Frankenstein.
Generate a rap verse of less that 16 bars.
Generate a search query for finding book recommendations for a 5-year-old
Update the following sentence: "Yesterday, I was feeling so angry,"
Re-write this order in imperative form: Please send it by next Thursday.
Identify the average of these numbers: 25, 18, 27, 38
Brainstorm 10 unique ideas to promote an environmental cause
Write an algorithm to determine the prime numbers up to 100.
Describe the benefits of using green energy
Generate a title for a children's story involving a dragon.
Generate an in-depth description of an imaginary continent.
Name one innovation from the Industrial Revolution
Write a scientific explanation for why the sky is blue.
Make a list of five mobile phone applications that can help individuals become more productive at work.
Write a letter to the mayor, thanking him for his efforts during the coronavirus pandemic.
Select the three most popular pets in the US.
What is Machine Learning?
Provide the correct spelling for "succesful".
Generate a persuasive sentence using the words ‘Business', 'Agile', and 'Success'.
Brainstorm three specific strategies to deal with a deadline.
Describe a specific feature of the sun.
Arrange a budget-friendly holiday for one person for a week.
Create a 5-sentence story that features flying aliens.
Imagine a scenario where you are running late for an important meeting. Create a plan to make it on time
Name five societal advantages of the internet.
List the main musical elements of a Jazz song.
Create a hundred-word story about travelling to Mars.
Is the following sentence true or false? All atoms of the same element have the same mass.
Compare and Contrast JavaScript and Python
Develop an algorithm to sort data.
Name the four musketeers.
Describe the process of operating a 3D printer.
Generate a short story about a man and a woman who grew up together
Generate a new concept related to AI technologies.
Reverse engineer the following function using debugging techniques: f(x)=x^2+3
Choose an animal to be the mascot of your sports team
Identify 3 freshwater fish species
What animal is native to the region of Africa?
Can a GPT-3 model learn to give legal advice?
In what ways does artificial intelligence assist people in their daily life?
Identify two synonyms of the word 'resilient'.
Create a series of steps to send an email
Identify one positive impact of technology on society.
List three fundamental elements required for a successful business plan.
Name 5 common aquatic plants.
Write a code to generate the Fibonacci series
Name two major themes in the novel Frankenstein.
Change this sentence from passive to active voice:  The new policy was announced by the mayor.
Categorize this sentence: "The apple is ripe"
What is the main benefit of using a natural language processing (NLP) system?
State two differences between supervised and unsupervised learning.
Explain the primary role of artificial intelligence in contact tracing.
Generate a plan on how to start a healthy diet.
Create a list of 5 questions to ask before investing in stocks.
Generate a unique thesis statement
Generate a sentence using the words "grass," "caterpillar," and "rainbow."
List the component of a basic computer system.
Research and describe the historical context which led to the creation of the World Trade Organization
Create a mobile friendly user interface.
Create a mission statement for a cake baking business.
How can we make a good impression in an interview?
Combien de cotes a un triangle triangle?
Provide two potential solutions to decrease ocean pollution.
Suggest a creative way to show appreciation to a good friend.
Design a program for teaching children about green energy.
What are the economic implications of an aging population?
Explain what a distributed system is using an example.
Write a function to search an array
What is the time signature of 3/4?
Describe a use case of predictive analytics.
Determine the probability of rolling a 4 on a six-sided die.
List five contributions of Ancient Greece to modern-day life.
Explain the process of natural selection.
Describe an algorithm that sorts numbers in an array.
Create a story starting with the sentence: "The day was brighter than usual".
Explain the significance of Article 1 of the US Constitution.
How does the human brain remember information?
Compare and contrast the four types of memory: sensory, short-term, working, and long-term.
Make a list of items found in a classroom
Design the user interface for a new AI assistant.
Make a binary classification on a dataset containing the "Age" column.
Compose three questions about the topic of sustainability.
Create a rule set for a game of tic-tac-toe.
Tell me a historically significant event that occured in the year 1948.
Design a school uniform.
How can natural language processing (NLP) be used to improve search engine results?
Explain how someone can remain motivated when working from home.
Give an example of a data mining task.
Imagine a fantasy creature and write three physical characteristics about it.
Provide the HTML content for an email that encourages users to register.
Add 2 plus 3.
Create a poem that expresses loneliness.
Create an algorithm to decide which movies a user should watch based on their ratings of other movies.
What physical activities can people do to stay healthy?
Describe the overall feeling of the work environment at a tech startup
Describe the difference between light and dark roast coffee.
Identify and list three qualities of the ideal customer service specialist.
Suggest a way to improve a public transportation system.
Convert the phrase “1/2” into a fraction.
Name 5 healthy fruits
Write a creative story involving a dragon and a knight.
Create a recipe for a vegan sandwich.
Create a function to to check if a given number is an Armstrong number or not.
Generate a few marketing slogans for a new phone app.
Create a mnemonic to remember the capital cities of the three Baltic countries.
Suggest a method to improve decisions about time management for teams.
Name one advantage that artificial intelligence brings to the medical field
Formulate a hypothesis for why white foods may be unhealthy
Explain how a human resources department handles onboarding new employees.
Make a list of the top three water parks in the United States.
Find the missing number in this sequence: 0, 1, 4, 9, 16, __
Compute the area of a regular polygon with side length 4cm and 8 sides.
What is the general format of a cover letter?
Make a pizza from scratch.
Create an example input for a sentiment analysis model.
What is the maximum speed limit on suburban roads?
Rewrite the following sentence using modern language: She opens the window and takes a deep breath.
Compare the data storage methods for an online shopping website.
Add the numbers 5, 11, and 17
Compare and contrast ice cream and frozen yogurt.
Construct a timeline of Neil Armstrong's most significant accomplishments.
Fill in the blank.  The newspaper reported that the policy would have __ consequences.
Classify the following as a health benefit, risk, or unknown: eating fast food.
Describe a personality trait that is essential for a successful entrepreneur.
Create an SQL query to select all employees that have lived in California.
Explain why it is important to use critical thinking skills.
Name four examples of tropical fruits.
Provide three examples of popular streaming services.
Give three reasons why students should learn computer science.
Generate a math equation with 4 unknowns (X,Y,Z,W) using the 4 basic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication and division).
Identify the incorrect word in the following sentence:  I have too many debt to pay.
Back-translate the following sentence: "The cat slept on the chair."
Come up with a creative example of using the following idiom "the best of both worlds".
Name two pairs of complementary colors
Generate a 100 word blog post about psychology.
Compose a melody with the notes C-E-G-B
Describe the effects of artificial intelligence (AI) on the job market.
Write a few lines of dialogue for two characters.
Describe a time when you have worked as part of a team
Please provide three advantages of using data to make decisions
How can one minimise wastage of water?
Hypothesize on the effects that global warming might have on the environment.
Write a Python program that asks the user for their age and prints out an appropriate response.
Create a song using a 12-bar blues chord progression with a jazz accompaniment.
List 5 healthy snacks for school.
Describe how to prevent cybercrime.
Compose a theme song for a sitcom in the style of a 1960s pop song.
How important is it to have a good user experience?
Can you give me 4 simple recipes I could make with 5 ingredients or less?
Please explain what is a 'novel suggestion task'.
Explain the differences between induction and deduction in philosophy.
Create a new recipe for a sandwich that would make a great lunch.
Imagine a robot assisting a surgeon in surgery. Give one potential use of this robot.
Generate 5 different headlines for a news article on climate change.
Generate an email subject line that solicits feedback on a new software product.
List three of the most common chronic diseases.
Name 3 characters in the movie Frozen.
Devise a plan for creating a successful e-commerce business.
Name two components of the solar system
What is the ideal temperature for a refrigerator?
Write a 3 sentence user review for an online shopping website.
Generate a recipe for vegan fried rice.
Describe the difference between an imperative sentence and a declarative sentence.
Summarize the importance of the US Constitution.
Create a script that takes in integers and outputs their squares.
What is the most efficient way to cook chicken?
Generate a query for an online search engine.
Generate a folktale or legend.
Generate a list of books that a 6th grader might enjoy.
Arrange the pieces of this jigsaw puzzle.
Identify an example of a basic economic principle
Create a library of code that implements a linked list data structure.
Describe the process of mitosis in a cell.
What is the most appropriate title for a blog post about budgeting?
Name three differences between evolution and natural selection.
Write a haiku conveying the beauty of a sunset
Recommend a STEM program for a 5-year-old
Explain why it is important to understand the differences between terrorism and guerrilla warfare.
Explain the concept of 'mental models'
Name two vegetables that start with the letter A
Compose a French sentence using the following words: "neige" (snow), "fleur" (flower), "jardin" (garden).
Suggest a phrase that can replace the words "on a daily basis"
Describe what a day in the life of an astronaut is like.
Write a sentence with a gerund verb
Suggest a creative solution to the following problem: how can we reduce the amount of plastic waste in the environment?
How can one identify a person’s potential leadership qualities?
Make a list of 10 items that a person should take on a safari in South Africa.
Design a financial budget plan for a family of four.
Find a specific product or service that uses AI.
Describe a psychological condition called "depersonalization disorder".
What is the definition of artificial intelligence (AI)?
List three technologies related to the topic of autonomous vehicles.
Develop a program that can fetch a given website's HTML code.
Edit the sentence to make it more concise: "This new thing that has happened is causing a lot of people to be concerned."
What artist sang the song "Can't Stop the Feeling"?
Come up with a new slogan for a car brand based on the phrase “Think ahead”
Generate a story about a journey to a distant planet.
Find a metaphor for the term "data storage".
Design some clothes that can be worn at a formal party
Construct an algorithm to find the sum of two numbers
Identify three ways organizations can reduce their carbon emissions.
Identify three potential risks of using artificial intelligence
Convert the measurement 1 liter to gallons.
Write a function to convert a decimal number to a binary number.
Describe the basic concept of relativity.
Create a hypothesis about the relationship between the number of hours a student spends studying and their GPA.
Paraphrase the following sentence: "John jumped over the fence."
Calculate the square footage of a home with dimensions of 30 ft by 40 ft
How does the cardiovascular system maintain homeostasis in the body?
How long did the conflict in the Middle East last?
Explain the difference between 'critical thinking' and 'analytical thinking'
Design a web page layout suitable for an online library.
Create a social media post for a new movie
Explain the concept of "servant leadership"
Generate a workplace safety protocol
Predict the outcome of the following equation: 3(x+2)=6
How would you explain the process of translating a text to a non-native speaker?
Convert the phrase "Had I known" into past perfect form.
Name three chess pieces.
Write a news headline about scientists discovering a new way to clean oceans.
Please analyze the following quote, "A person's true wealth is the good they do in the world".
Describe the concept of personal branding.
Generate a question that could lead to a valuable insight.
Summarize the Oxford English Dictionary.
Provide three tips to make a great first impression.
What impact has the coronavirus pandemic had on the global economy?
Generate a story about a knight on a quest to save a princess.
Identify the direct object in the sentence: She was singing a song
Create a function that takes a list of strings and returns a list without duplicates.
Can you generate a list of 5 positive adjectives related to intelligence?
What is the history of the Tour de France?
Generate the atomic number and symbol of five chemical elements
Identify a physical material indicated by the phrase "brittle".
Describe the life cycle of a butterfly in two or three sentences.
Generate a list of the seven most iconic locations in Colorado.
Come up with a sentence introducing this topic: Cybersecurity
Give an example of a mission statement for a software development company.
Multiply 874 by 114 and round the result to the nearest integer.
Describe what is the ozone layer
Write a haiku about the ocean.
Design a product that would make cleaning easier.
Name a major river in South Asia.
List four common plant diseases.
Design a survey that collects data about customer preferences for a new game.
Construct a joke using the following words: House, pill, bed
Write a few sentences from the point of view of an alien
Write a sentence that fully encompasses the feeling of accomplishment.
Find the area of the triangle with sides 3, 4, and 5.
Generate an example of a medical procedure code.
Write a sentence explaining why a person should use a budget
Create a believable and exciting adventure story.
Determine the sum of the two numbers: 9 and 4.
Describe the distinctive features of a black mamba snake.
Determine if 4 and 12 are relatively prime.
Calculate the perimeter of a triangle whose sides are 6, 7 and 8
Compare and contrast two forms of renewable energy.
Identify the countries in North America.
Compare colonialism and imperialism
What is the gravitational effect of the Moon on Earth?
List three steps to improving your writing.
Generate an idea for a mobile app
Replace the following word with the opposite adjective: cold
Create a riddle with the following answer: "Sea".
Generate a pen-pal letter to someone in a different country.
What are some social and environmental implications of fossil fuels burning?
Explain how greenhouse effect works.
Suggest two interventions that may reduce drug abuse.
Create a list of five topics to discuss at a meeting about customer service.
Compose a tweet that encourages young people to get out and vote.
Identify the best choice for a customer service representative to handle an angry customer.
Suggest a prompt for a short story
Propose a new product that a transportation company could offer that would maximize revenue.
Generate a story about a person having a positive experience with a robot
Describe the perfect romantic getaway.
Generate a hashtag that represents a movement
Describe a quantum computing algorithm
List two advantages of using a content management system (CMS).
Design a 2D character sprite.
Edit the following sentence: "In astronomy, moon is known as a natural satellite."
What is the relationship between communication and successful teamwork?
Write a happy birthday message.
Identify the continents with the most carnivores.
Name a feature of a hammer
Select the correct answer: what is the difference between a class and an object?
List 5 fruits that are considered exotic
Write a function to find out whether a given year is a leap year or not.
Name five types of species that live in the desert
Construct a 3-note melody.
Write down the syntax for declaring an array in Java.
Propose a solution to reduce availability of guns in society.
Create a REST API which adds two numbers provided by the user.
Come up with a list of 5 adjectives that describe a bouquet of flowers
Summarize the article ``AI-powered Change Management in the Workplace''.
Compose a table with two rows and three columns.
Come up with a list of ways to reduce carbon footprints.
Output the title of a recent best-selling book.
Describe how a business could use chatbots to improve customer experience.
Propose a transportation solution for a city with rapid population growth.
List 3 elements of a good security practice for a business.
Identify four different types of healthy eating habits.
Generate a list of five ways to promote physical activity.
Construct a palindrome sentence that is grammatically correct
Each day, we spend more time in front of a computer than outside. Write a text that captures this idea.
How can someone break the habit of procrastinating?
Create a detailed character description of the main character of a story.
List five climate zones in North America.
How will a company benefit from the introduction of an AI assistant?
Name 3 usage cases of facial recognition technology.
Analyze the cause of the 2008 financial crisis.
Create a sentence that combines the following two words: “memory” and “time”.
Generate a suitable title for a short story involving an alien and a robot.
Generate a list of five job skills that will be important in the future.
List three career options given the field of Medicine.
Create a marketing campaign slogan for a pet grooming business.
Suggest how Companies can use Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Synthesize a new speech on the importance of physical education
Come up with an appropriate pun
Write a short scene for a play which depicts two friends deciding if they should take a road trip together.
Design an experiment to determine the efficiency of a wind turbine in different wind speeds.
Name two tools and their purpose that are used in woodworking.
Please describe why there is a lack of adequate nutrition in developing countries.
Explain the concept of an algorithm with your own words.
Suggest a machine learning algorithm that could be used for predicting customer churn.
Identify the figure of speech used in the following sentence: “It was raining cats and dogs.”
Create a list of five items that a person might need if they are stranded on a desert island.
Provide three examples of chemical reactions.
Describe the Star Wars Battle of Yavin.
Describe how artificial intelligence (AI) will shape the future of medicine.
Name two instances where a person could be guilty of intentionally abusing a legal system for self-gain.
Describe a landscape in three phrases.
Write a Python program to insert an element into a sorted list.
Write a brief story about a baker who lives near a river.
Describe the facial expression of a person seeing a shocking surprise.
Comment on the current state of cryptocurrency adoption.
Introduce yourself in a creative way.
Generate a sketch of a mountain landscape
Describe the value of a self-service system for customer support.
Suggest a creative way to decorate a bedroom.
Describe the process for creating an artificial neural network
Explain the meaning of "Human-Centered Design".
Describe an example of an external conflict in one sentence.
Name the different layers of the Earth.
Discuss the main components of a computer system.
Generate a Python script to print out the prime numbers between 10 and 30.
Create a mathematical equation that is equal to 36.
Describe the purpose of a firewall in computer networks.
List five features of a social media application.
Derive the equation for the derivative of sin x.
Cell phones are bringing about a revolution in communication. Explain.
Sum up the benefits of using a computer for personal use.
Develop a strong brand identity for a new tech start-up.
Place the following words in alphabetical order: slide, blue, jet
Brainstorm ideas for a unique outdoor activity that isn’t too difficult to organize.
How did cave painting begin?
Design a board game based on a space exploration theme.
Compose a 30-second soundtrack for a horror movie trailer.
You are given three words and you need to generate a joke from them. The three words are: lawyer, vampire, cellphone.
Create a tagline for a university.
Classify the following sentence: "The dog barked loudly".
Tell me a preschool age-appropriate poem with a winter theme
Make a prediction for the next year in terms of the political situation in the US
Tell me a story about a person working to create a sustainable future.
Generate a table of english verb conjugations for the verb "speak" in past tense.
Explain the concept of dependency injection.
Write a descriptive summary of a painting.
Summarize the recent developments in the field of recommender systems.
Write a blog post on the benefits of consuming a plant-based diet.
Describe a medical application that can benefit from AI technology
Provide three possible solutions to reduce global warming
Generate a list of common wild animals in India
List three books you would recommend to someone who enjoys science fiction.
Generate a plausible headline for a news article related to the technology industry.
What is the result of 17*14, expressed as a decimal?
Find the price of a pack of 10 ramen noodles using the website 'SupermarketExpress.com'.
Write a persuasive argument on why taking a break is beneficial for productivity.
Provide the top three stops visited by a hypothetical user on their tour along the Grand Trunk Road in India.
How could a person reduce their carbon footprint?
What is the best value for the hyperparameter gamma in SVM?
Create a recipe for a vegan version of Shepherd's Pie
Explain what "encrypted data" is
Create a list of five tips for staying motivated.
What is the greatest asset of a company?
Come up with three creative date ideas to surprise your significant other.
Describe to me the process of composting.
Name 5 items listed on the UN Human Rights list.
Compile a list of steps for hosting an online event.
Generate a recipe that's easy to make and good for health.
Improve the following sentence: "Students must advocate for change to create better results."
Name an endangered animal.
Name 3 ways to use technology to reduce human suffering
Construct a multiplication table with 5 rows and 6 columns.
Design a 10-day workout plan to achieve maximum results.
Tell me about the Tuskegee Airmen.
Write a short description of a French Bulldog.
Create a close-ended prompt for a chatbot about sports news.
Identify the two main groups of flowering plants.
Find a book title related to the topic of compassion
Predict the future of self-driving cars.
Given the word “love”, create a phrase with it.
Describe the characteristics of the most powerful supercomputer in the world.
Create a quiz about people in the United States in the 1800s
Describe two possible strategies for managing customer complaints
List 4 common types of financial services.
Construct a list of good practices for minimizing the risk of cyberattacks
Produce a report describing the current state of the economy.
Describe the function of the hippocampus in the brain.
Given the two words “snake” and “grass”, create a simile.
Write a story that makes use of alliteration.
Identify the sentence type of: My computer is old.
List three qualities of a good teacher.
Find the derivative of f(x) = x^2 - 4x + 6.
Come up with a 10-word sentence that begins with "I love".
List five strategies to improve communication with customers.
Design a Sudoku solving algorithm
Experimental Study on Human Error in Database Systems
Generate a random eight-digit number using the built-in Python function.
Summarize what happened in the movie 'Star Wars'
Explain the limitations of using GPT models compared to other types of natural language processing models.
Search the web for an article about the benefits of using a GPT model, and output the title of the article.
Generate me a few sample passwords up to 8 characters in length.
Imagine a dinner party with financial executives. What kind of topics would they discuss?
Suggest ways to market a new product on a limited budget.
Explain why it is important to establish trust with customers.
Compile a list of famous scientists and their contributions.
Determine if the following sets are equal: {1,2,3} and {2,3,1}.
Find an interesting fact about the planet Mars.
How many days are there in the month of April?
Predict the values of x and y in the following equation: 9x + 4y = 36.
Synthesize a sentence that includes the words "policy", "advantage", and "technology".
Generate an email subject line for announcing a new product launch.
Generate a list of 10 things to consider when choosing a new sofa.
Generate a mathematical expression that sums the numbers from 1 to n.
Create a bulleted list of the benefits of automatic cars.
Create an outline for a presentation about the current state of the world economy.
Create a marketing plan to target new users.
What is the most prosperous industry in your city?
Find an example of a web page that includes an account creation form.
Update the following sentence to include contractions and make it sound more natural: "We are doing this for our own good"
Write a 50-word sci-fi story which involves a team of scientists working on an experiment.
Come up with 3 alternative synonyms for the word “adept”.
Write a rhyming couplet using the words "dear" and "room".
Report the average temperature in Tokyo during the month of June
Rewrite the sentence “I can’t stand the heat" in a positive way.
Choose the correct synonym for "immense".
Compare and contrast the writing styles of William Shakespeare and Charles Dickens.
Identify the most effective SEO strategy
Write a headline for a news article about the current state of student debt.
Create a budget to save $100 in a month.
Name three benefits of public speaking.
Differentiate between goal setting and objective setting.
What did the Luddite movement do?
Describe the economy of the United States in five sentences.
Generate a sentence using the words: Africa, yellow, and science.
Write 10 sports terms and their definitions.
What is the minimum sample size you need in order to be able to make a valid statistical inference?
Generate a headline for an article about the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Quote a saying about friendship and explain what it means.
Compare a telephone and a smart phone.
Construct a mathematical expression that multiplies 3 and 6, then adds 4 to the result.
Create a to-do list for setting a meeting with a client.
In the sentence "She enjoyed the ride through the countryside", replace the word "ride" with a synonym.
Explain the basics of agile software development.
Generate a conversation about the weather.
Name five common diseases,
Create a timeline of the life of Muhammad Ali.
Name two popular sports in Brazil.
Generate a paragraph that explains the role of motivation in achieving success
Create an algorithm to detect when two words have the same meaning.
Can you name a branch of computer science dealing with the creation of programs to simulate the behavior of an autonomous agent?
Build a chatbot for customer service.
Describe how to do a handstand?
Generate a funny joke.
Provide an example of a person using the habit of donating to charity.
Create a chart detailing the pros and cons of renting a house versus buying a house.
Describe how oceanic currents are formed
Identify the tone in the following sentence: "Your grades are not to your expected standard."
Generate a design for a logo for a company that manufactures consumer electronics.
Suggest a book you would recommend for someone interested in the history of Rome.
Write a story about a tree which is 1000 years old.
Design a logo for a child care center.
Create a lesson plan that teaches students how to use a ruler.
Generate a new concept for a mobile app.
Write a paragraph explaining why you deserve a good grade in a course.
Design an interface for a cryptocurrency trading platform.
Describe how modern technology has impacted the way people communicate.
Describe what happened when the clock struck midnight.
Name the characteristics of an informative speech.
Provide a reason for why it is important to save the environment.
Rewrite the following sentence in active voice:  The ball was thrown by Jack.
Suggest three quotes that best describe success.
Design a newsletter template.
Write a paragraph to describe the differences between a car and a motorcycle.
Describe a recent technological development that is revolutionizing the way we work.
Explain why the F1 score is a better evaluation metric than accuracy.
Create a list of 4 methods to improve focus and productivity while working.
Construct a truth table for the following statement: (A ∨ B ) → C
Describe why the Industrial Revolution was important in U.S. history.
Describe a home-cooked meal in three to five sentences.
Write a script for a dialogue between two friends talking about success.
Write one paragraph about the benefits of open source software.
Give me an example of a group of non-human animals that are capable of learning social behaviors.
Explain the concept of manifest destiny.
What is the atomic weight of cobalt?
Categorize the following animals: elephant, bee, dolphin.
Generate a list of 10 animals that live in the desert.
Reword this sentence: I started eating healthier.
Name one natural disaster.
Suggest a way to store apples for a longer shelf life
Create a command to switch from "Microsoft Office Word" to "Google Docs".
Design an automated chatbot to help customers with product related queries
Meet with the director of a wildlife conservation center and create a short news article summarizing the experience.
Imagine you are from the 1700s. Try to write a sentence in the language used in that era.
Identify and describe four planets in our solar system.
Generate a list of five potential applications for flexible displays.
Name five ways to improve air quality
Construct a SQL query to find all records from the table "inventory" that have a quantity greater than 10.
Generate 3 jokes about cats
List five benefits of using GPUs for training deep learning models.
Identify three pros and three cons of eating fast food.
Convert the following sentences into passive voice: She created this document.
How can an online retailer optimize their website for SEO?
Craft a sentence using the words "scream" and "moon".
Write a brief description of the primary antagonist of the Harry Potter series
What is the area of France in square kilometers?
Name two of the world's largest companies ranked by revenue.
Describe the India-China war in 1962
List four reasons why it would be beneficial to take a gap year
Generate the title of a book about a fantastical journey
List four components of data science.
Write a story about an alien visiting Earth for the first time.
What is the best way to maximize results when using a GPT model?
How would you classify a catfish?
Create a list of the types of wildlife found in the Amazon Rainforest.
Generate a story about a superhero fighting against a bad guy.
Place the following elements in increasing order of atomic number: oxygen, calcium, helium.
What are the implications of Deep Learning for healthcare?
Is it possible to see a rainbow during a storm?
Give me a list of elements found in the Earth's atmosphere.
Provide two examples of how the new feature can be used.
List three ways in which blockchain can be used for smart contracts.
Create a unique hashtag that promotes a positive message.
Explain Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
List the features of a smart light bulb.
Explain to me how a computer virus can be contracted.
Describe the process by which plants use sunlight to produce energy
Make up a title for a new Netflix show.
Create a sentence using a simile and a metaphor.
Brainstorm five possible applications for blockchain technology.
Summarize the key points of the constitutional amendment process in the United States.
Describe the geography of the region named Alaska.
Provide a list of 10 points about Maya Angelou.
Should I take a vitamin B supplement?
Name 5 famous politicians of India.
Write code to display all the prime numbers from 1 to 100
Write an example of a well-written query letter to an editor.
Describe the life of a typical high school student.
Create a computer algorithm that can play tic-tac-toe.
Summarize the Summary of Qualifications section of a resume.
Create a list of 5 activities that people can do to stay healthy.
Is using hashtags a good idea on social media?
How will you address a customer's issue in a respectful and empathetic manner?
Explain the differences between British English and American English.
Make a list of three strengths of AI. Output less than 25 words.
Make a list of 3 chemical symbols for elements that are gases at room temperature
Give me a one-sentence summery of the benefits of playing football.
Estimate the number of countries in the world.
Mention one negative effect of television advertising
Generate an example of a time when someone displayed initiative.
How did the invention of the telescope lead to space exploration?
Calculate the probability of rolling heads 3 times in a row using a fair coin.
Categorize the following item: “Toyota Camry”
Generate a new phrase using the words "hyperdrive" and "glove".
Discuss the implications of the “gig economy.”
Convert the following US Dollar amount to Indian Rupee.
Construct a cake recipe.
Write a short essay discussing the pros and cons of electric vehicles.
Identify the most appropriate tone for a customer service bot.
List 5 steps to fix a leaky roof.
Identify the main purpose of a blog
Write an opinion piece about the benefits of marching band.
Describe an example of abstract art.
Create a speech about important life lessons and deliver it in front of an audience.
Describe a vision for the future of education in one sentence.
How do the jobs of scientists and engineers differ?
Identify the molecular formula for carbon dioxide.
Explain the Product Liability Law
Generate a realistic mathematical equation for the students to solve.
Give me a haiku that describes the beauty of nature.
Generate a list of 6 different tools used for data science.
Find the longest rivers in India
Provide the Catholic Church's stance on abortion.
Come up with five questions about the BP oil spill for a trivia game.
Outline a plan for creating a web app for ordering food found in a restaurant.
True or False: Sheep are mammals
Name 3 musical instruments.
Describe how to tie a bowtie.
Find an exotic animal that is suitable for keeping as a pet.
Make a list of 5 adjectives to describe the word 'sky'
Summarize the story you wrote before in two sentences.
Classify the following statement: Chocolate is the best flavor of ice cream.
Explain the concept of self-actualization.
Describe a creative way to express love.
Name a famous painting or artwork.
Generate a creative story about a princess and a dragon.
Describe the weather at 5 pm on June 12th.
Construct an algorithm to make digital photo montage.
Differentiate between a hurricane and a typhoon.
Name one advantage of artificial intelligence.
Create a cryptographic code using a substitution cipher.
Provide an example of Newton's second law of motion.
Describe an important historical event.
Create a poster that conveys the message: "Love your Mother Nature".
Classify the following machine learning techniques: K-Nearest Neighbours and Linear Regression
Find the average weight of adult male Siberian tigers.
Why are matrices important in linear algebra?
Suggest four ways to make a travel experience more memorable
Replace the following phrase with a synonym: very good
Rewrite the following sentence: Covid-19 affects all of us
Propose a solution for reducing global warming.
Come up with a way to celebrate someone's birthday during social distancing.
Find the 5th Fibonacci number
Figure out the answer to the verbal reasoning question and choose the best answer. Question: 6 is to 9 as 12 is to ___
Explain what temperature is in scientific terms.
List two features of a rodeo.
List five components of a disaster recovery plan
Write a paragraph that outlines the differences between playing team sports and individual sports.
Generate a list of appropriate questions to ask an applicant who is applying for a job as an editor.
Evaluate the following website using the criteria of accessibility, usability, and design.
Write a jingle for an energy bar
Write an apology letter for an apology for a mistake at work.
When was the "iPhone" first introduced?
Make a list of the components of a healthy breakfast.
What is the tool used to measure the temperature of a computer processor?
What is the most effective way to protect your computer from being hacked?
Name 3 principles of the Agile software development methodology.
What is the average lifespan of a Labrador Retriever?
Find the average temperature in San Francisco
Educate a customer on the importance of making an electricity payment.
Generate an appropriate title for an article about the benefits of physical exercise.
What is Alan Turing famous for?
What is the difference between a web server and an application server?
Create a headline for a business article
Create an original animal poem.
Name 3 ways to use natural resources sustainably
Create a cultural proverb or saying that reflects the idea of "one small decision can change your life".
Give me some ways to recycle materials at home.
Write a regular expression for validating a phone number.
Generate 3 true-or-false trivia questions
Identify the part of speech of each word in the sentence: "The robot painted the house."
Determine the results of multiplication of 56 and 32
Recommend a classic novel.
Spell out the meaning of the acronym AI.
Find two upcoming art exhibitions in Sydney, Australia.
Generate keywords related to artificial intelligence in 5 words.
Generate a list of five courses that a college student might take in his junior year of college.
Compare and contrast the two pieces of software, Microsoft Word and Google Docs.
Explain the importance of the following term - Natural Language Processing
Build an algorithm that will find all prime numbers between 2 and 100.
Design a new algorithm that can be used for natural language processing (NLP) tasks.
Generate a math problem with a solution of 13
Give an example of a three-dimensional mathematical equation.
Write down 5 tips for getting promoted at work.
Generate a sound effect for a car passing by.
List the top five highest-grossing movies of 2019.
Propose a question to investigate the impact of gaming on children.
Construct a sentence with the words "jury", "verdict" and "dissertation".
Compare and contrast dogs and cats
Come up with two scenarios for how artificial intelligence could be used to advance public health
Calculate 3^2 + 6
Write a one-sentence advertisement for a computer store.
Describe a situation where a chatbot would be more useful than a human assistant.
Identify three characteristics of a cloud-based business model.
In this task, you need to write an appropriate response to the phrase "take a break"
Create a script of a customer service conversation between two people.
Describe the process of setting up a relaiblle datasource
Please provide a list of places that have the best French cuisine.
Name one application of Machine Learning
Generate a sentence in the style of J. K. Rowling
Rewrite the below sentence with less complex wording:  The implementation of AI implies the utilization of sophisticated algorithms, which in turn are capable of learning independently.
Ask a question about volcanic ash
Create a 3-digits number that is divisible by 7.
Generate a list of 5 adjectives that are associated with ice cream.
Create an antonym for the word "Early". Output the antonym.
Create a story using the following words: backpack, balloon, and puppy.
Name a famous sportsperson who is a role model for children
Classify the following list as either a positive or negative emotion:  amazed, joyful, scared, excited
How many teaspoons equal 1 tablespoon?
Generate a rap about dreams.
How much does the Earth weigh?
Please generate a quip about the technology industry
Translate the following sentence into French: "We had a great time"
What is the nationality of the first man who landed on the moon?
Explain what is supervised learning
Describe the tone used in the Fahrenheit 451 book
Explain what a business plan is
Explain the significance of the word "freedom" in modern society.
Explain the uses of artificial intelligence.
Rearrange the following words to form a grammatically correct statement. Output: Statement: The paper published was groundbreaking new research.
Identify three ways in which the government can reduce the problem of air pollution.
Provide a synonym for 'irresistible'
Explain why there is often a disagreement between scientists and the public about certain topics.
Create an analogy to explain how the sun provides energy
Design a movie poster for the film "Cabin in the Woods"
Create a mnemonic for remembering the colors of the rainbow.
Give me a CSS code to make the font size 20px.
How is a backprop algorithm used in deep learning?
Given two strings, write a program to determine if they are palindromes.
Imagine an alternate world where humans no longer exist. Describe the environment.
How can we lower the rate of food spoilage?
Name two scientific theories surrounding the development of the universe
Explain why television ads may not be effective for all candidates.
Reduce the fraction 4/10
Generate a 500-word blog post summarizing the current status of artificial intelligence.
Classify the following sentence according to its sentiment – “AI technology is advancing rapidly”.
What is the economic purpose of setting minimum wages?
Suggest a fun activity to do on a Saturday night.
Name three environmental issues.
Explain why computers are needed in the workplace.
Generate a list of 5 popular places to visit in the city of San Diego.
Compose a tune that conveys a feeling of happiness.
Give an example of a human genome sequencing process.
Identify the primary differences between a neuron and a synapse.
Generate a movie title that is creative and implies the genre.
List the three most common types of machine learning models.
List three advantages of human transportation over other animals.
Generate a real world application of Nearest Neighbour algorithm
Give a reason why GPT models are a powerful AI tool.
Give an example of a salty food item
Write one paragraph explaining Newton's second law of motion.
Give an example of how cultural differences can affect communication.
Identify and explain two benefits of living in a society.
Create a list of questions to ask an interviewer when applying for a media job
Explain why one should not use manufactured fertilizers.
Generate a sentence of at least 8 words which describes a task of GPT model.
Provide two tips for how to practice effective time management.
Explain the meaning of the proverb "A word is enough for the wise".
Describe a process that utilizes the First Law of Thermodynamics.
Describe how Chinese culture is different from American culture.
Generate an anology for the relationship between a pharmacist and a customer.
Suggest an example of a technology that utilizes natural language processing.
Come up with an AI-powered solution to reduce food waste.
Describe the form and structure of a haiku poem.
List five factors that lead to global warming.
Identify the appropriate data type for a phone number.
Name a common ingredient in Indian cuisine.
Research the current president of Peru.
How can students go about creating a budget?
Find the shortest route from California to Washington.
Explain the difference between the words "likely" and "probably".
Name some indicators that someone is lying.
Construct a sentence using the words "effervescence", "hesitant" and "integrity".
Create a dinner menu that is healthy and has at least 500 calories.
Write down 5 tips for working from home.
Estimate how long it would take to read a 100-page book.
Select the most appropriate movie for a 7-year-old boy
List three tips for studying effectively
Generate a smiley face using only ASCII characters
How does cloud computing work?
Come up with three potential strategies to reduce global warming.
Name one potential limitation of using AI for conversational assistants.
Recommend a tool for creating visual timelines.
There is a regional holiday next week, create a marketing message to target that region.
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
Create one example of how a good user experience will make users come back
Name an animal whose average life span is 5 years.
Compose a tweet to advertise a new product launch.
Create an example of outcomes from working in a team environment.
Please tell me how to create a to-do list.
Create an example of a conversation between two friends
Create an algorithm for finding the highest peak in the world
Estimate the cost of living for a student staying in Oxford for one year.
Suggest a three-word quote related to the following topics: travel and discovery.
Suggest a resolution to the following problem:  Your internet connection is slow.
Calculate the fraction of 1/3 + 2/9
How might someone make their home more energy efficient?
Generate a computer password that is 8 characters long
Name 3 ways in which animals can adapt to their environment.
Create a visualization to compare the GDP growth of India and China between 1998 and 1998.
Make a list of ten items one could find in a kitchen.
Explain what a "food desert" is and why they are a problem.
Create a flow chart illustrating the process of building a house.
Construct an argument in support of universal basic income.
Describe how plants help humans.
Write a short description of the Taj Mahal
Create a unique title for a fictional book.
Describe the key principles of user experience (UX).
Who was the 10th US President?
Write a paragraph about a recent study involving artificial intelligence.
What is the first and last step of the scientific method?
Construct a database schema to store user information.
What is the weather like in Los Angeles?
Describe the differences between Chinese and French cuisine.
List some sustainable sources of energy.
Create a short description of bitcoin
Construct a sentence where the subject is 'my cat'.
Generate an programming code to calculate the sum of two numbers
Give your opinion about the new Tesla Model Y.
Create a phone number validator.
Outline a strategy for effective time management.
Create a newspaper article about a recent storm.
List 10 different sports names.
Compare and contrast the English language and Mandarin.
Think of an innovative idea related to agriculture and explain why it is beneficial.
Come up with a list of 10 sports teams in the United States.
Write a story about an imaginary news reporter.
Create a tweet summarizing what happened in the movie Jurassic Park
Write an article summarizing the history of fashion in the 1980s.
Describe the concept of media framing.
Tell me the definition of ‘syntax’.
Generate a product security policy following best practices.
Create a grocery list for a vegan who wants to eat for a week
Describe a way to stay safe during a pandemic.
Determine the next number in the following sequence: 10, 8, 6, 4 . . .
Suggest some tips for engaging an online audience during a virtual presentation.
Create a question on the topic of climate change.
Write a question that asks for personal information.
Make a list of 10 activities that can be done while social distancing.
Explain why plants require photosynthesis.
Create a unique story about a character who decides to visit a secret hidden town.
Create a dataset of the top 10 universities in the world.
How can you ensure success in a job interview?
Create an example of a funny knock-knock joke.
What are the three most important factors for success when starting a business?
Generate a story about a musician in less than 40 words.
Describe a hypothesis related to a study.
What is the best way to protect yourself from cybercrime?
Describe a recent experience with customer service.
Describe what makes a teacher a great mentor.
How do you plan to save money for a big purchase?
Provide the title of a song that describes the feeling of having a superpower.
Imagine you are a book author, please write a summary of the topic of your book that would capture reader's interest.
Brainstorm 3 creative ways to use an old tablecloth
Provide a description of the cultural, religious and artistic features of the Rome.
Write an essay about the recent advances in artificial intelligence and its implications.
Prepare a summary of how Covid-19 has impacted the education system.
Provide three examples of renewable energy sources.
Rewrite this sentence without changing its meaning: "The child was screaming at the top of his lungs".
Develop an algorithm to convert a Celsius temperature to Fahrenheit.
Describe the effects of air pollution
Generate a tweet about a book you read lately.
Explain why laughter is important for one's well-being.
Explain how algorithms can be biased.
Identify the three main characters in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.
In which fields has AI proved to be beneficial?
What are some actionable steps you can take to reduce pollution?
List five benefits of eating more fruits and vegetables.
Generate a play by play summary of the baseball game between the Chicago Cubs and the Los Angeles Dodgers
Categorize the following items: dog, cat, apple, mouse.
Design a robot that is able to mow the lawn.
Put the words in bold into a sentence.
Describe a country beginning with the letter 'J'
Name an ocean current
Illustrate how to make a chocolate sundae.
What do scientists mean when they say that something is abstract?
Find out the price of the iPhone 12.
Explain the term "self-fulfilling prophecy."
Design a logo for a restaurant called "The Italian Kitchen".
Suggest two benefits of water consumption.
List four signs of a healthy relationship.
Generate a creative story that conveys the message, 'Every act of kindness makes the world a better place.'
We have decided to offer a student loan package to our new customers. Describe the student loan package
Rearrange the given sentence: "It should not require much time."
Create five unique descriptions for a car
Compose an essay that compares and contrasts communism and capitalism.
Generate a unique story featuring two characters and a moral lesson.
Give an example of a text-generative model.
Create a list of five climate-friendly actions people are taking.
List five steps to make a smoothie.
Provide an example of a context where the word "melancholy" might be used.
Explain the tri-state buffer.
Give an example of a data science use case for an airline.
Generate a metaphor that describes a unique combination of two unrelated things.
Name 5 important components of a successful marketing campaign.
Explain why it is important to stay hydrated.
Create a JavaScript program to print out hello world.
Evaluate how good ice cream is for a healthy diet.
Generate a list of potential destinations for a trip that is near a beach.
Name two famous female scientists.
Generate a tagline for a social media campaign that promotes healthy eating habits in teenagers.
Explain why consistency is important in a relationship
Can you write a news headline about the recent climate change reports?
Rewrite the following sentence to make it sound more conversational: It is imperative that all employees abide by the company's policies.
Summarize the main ideas of the paper: "The impact of AI on healthcare"
Compare and contrast the main similarities and differences between a computer and a smartphone
Generate a list of 5 ways to motivate yourself
Draft a tweet that encourages people to vote in the upcoming election.
What is the main purpose of the American with Disabilities Act?
How would you design a data structure for storing a list of stock prices?
Give an example of a common proverb with a modern interpretation.
Reverse the following words: cat, house, tree
Tell me a story that conveys the message of hope.
List at least 5 endangered animals.
Name three different causes of climate change.
Create a Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) Neural Network with three inputs and one output that can predict an output based on the input variables.
Generate a hypothesis statement.
Give an example of a food that is high in fiber.
Compare the perceptual and cognitive processes.
Generate an alternative name for Volleyball
What topics should a beginner in Data Science learn?
Give three tips to communicate effectively in a meeting.
List the elements of the periodic table in the order of increasing atomic number.
Explain how volcanoes are formed.
Explain the rules of the game Soccer.
Develop an algorithm to search for a particular item in a list.
Generate two open-ended questions to ask someone about their favorite book.
Create a list 5 jobs that require programming skills.
You need to design a poster as part of a social campaign.
Compare the performance of a linear regression model with a neural network model.
Summarize the current state of renewable energy in the US.
Construct a multiple choice question to test knowledge of basic mathematics.
Create a meme about a funny situation
What's the fastest way to make online payments?
Brainstorm three solutions to improve public transportation.
Create an engaging blog post giving advice on how to prepare for job interviews.
Compare and contrast a Linux system and a Windows system.
Name a movie that is directed by Christopher Nolan
Make a to-do list for a day trip to the beach.
Generate a question about frogs.
Explain the relationship between bacteria and sickness in humans.
Explain the different parts of the circulatory system
Explain what 'comfortably numb' means.
Develop a customer service strategy to improve customer experience.
Explain the implementation details of quicksort
Explain why air is transparent.
Write a script of a dialogue between a store attendant and a customer who needs to exchange a product.
Write a Java program to print out the lyrics for the song "Happy Birthday".
Create an example of a 5-sentence description of a setting.
Name a library software used to find and manage articles.
Can you come up with a title for a painting which conveys the message of resilience?
Generate a script for a commercial advertisement for a make-up product
Suggest a method to protect sensitive data
Explain the concept of "locus of control".
Write down one task that you can complete using a spreadsheet.
Identify the users of Facebook in the age group 25-35 years.
Write a narrative about visiting an art museum.
Describe a mobile app product launch process.
Write down the next three numbers in the Fibonacci sequence
Describe the most challenging project that you have ever worked on.
Write a 6 word sentence describing a hot summer day.
Compare a debit card and a credit card.
Find and explain an example of a false assumption.
Suggest two ingredients that can be used to make a delicious butter cake.
Describe what a carbon footprint is.
Translate "the book is on the table" into Spanish.
Generate a sentence that relates to the theme of entrepreneurship
Describe the food in Japan.
Describe the history and current application of genetic engineering
Explain why the following statement is true: "Successful management of diversity is good for business."
What is the word for the action of taking back something that was given?
Generate a list of 5 adjectives that describe a cat's appearance.
Find a word that means "an intense feeling of deep affection".
Explain the concept of forward planning.
Design an application for managing a student’s course material.
Explain what trigonometric functions are.
Think of an example of a disproportionate effect.
Generate a pythont program to find the highest common factor of two numbers.
Construct a plan for the next two weeks using the SMART method.
Think of an example of a proverb that has five words.
Name three chemical elements from Period 3.
Create an animation that explains what AI is and how it works.
Describe the rule of three in economics.
Name five popular movies from the 1990s.
Calculate the number of cups in 5 pints.
List five popular destinations for skiing
Generate a joke using the following three words: sarcastic, bicycle, banana
Suggest a way to keep up to date with the latest news in the AI field.
Explain the meaning of this phrase: "The early bird catches the worm."
Compose a blues song with lyrics
Create a conditional statement in JavaScript.
Explain the concept of 'Normal Distribution'
Identify the characteristics of an effective employee
Name the main characters in the Star Wars franchise.
Generate a regular expression to validate a six digit ZIP code.
Create a website for a new type of travel service.
Generate a list of 3-5 popular dishes from India.
Identify a set of 5 European countries that are part of the European Union.
Calculate the factorial of 6.
Construct an algorithm to generate the Fibonacci sequence.
Provide an example of a problem that artificial intelligence can solve.
Create a sample output to the following task: Analyze the impact of climate change on water resources in the USA.
Build a basic Android application using Java.
Describe what a credit card is.
Edit the sentence to make it grammatically correct:  My teacher says I'm being improvement
Describe the process of maintaining a good credit score
Imagine you are making an egg sandwich, write out a step-by-step instruction to make the sandwich.
Generate a list of wildlife conservation strategies
Describe a country that has a population of over 100 million people.
What do plants need to survive?
Suggest 3 activities one can do on a rainy day.
Edit this sentence:  He are very smart
Write a review for the following book: Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
Write advice for new pet owners on how to properly socialize their pets.
List 3 ways to save money.
Tell me a horror story in the style of Poe.
What is the probability of getting 5 heads in a row if you toss a fair coin?
Create a chart to represent the population of countries in Europe.
Rearrange this sentence into passive voice: “She bought a new car.”
Suggest three fun activities for a day trip to the beach.
Give an example of a chemical element with an atomic number of 12.
Outline the steps for solving a Rubik's cube.
Write a story about aliens visiting Earth
Generate a word that starts with the letter 'T'
Generate a suitable title for a research paper on the use of 3D printing technology in architecture.
Propose a solution to reduce online school fatigue.
Name one chemical that is both an acid and a base.
Discuss the impact of technology on modern politics.
Describe the different characteristics of a well-written news article.
What is the common phrase for "strong and consistent effort"?
What are three ways to store hierarchical data in a database?
Find 3 adjectives to describe a succulent.
Explain why it is important to prune a decision tree?
How do plants produce energy?
Rearrange the following words to make a sentence: yesterday - went - kids - to - zoo
Create a classified ad for a used bicycle.
Write a poem expressing gratitude.
State the difference between a vector and a matrix.
Give me a list of common slangs used among teenagers.
Create a 5-sentence-long story about pirates
Rearrange the following words to form a correct sentence: to/I/job/amazing/an/applied
Generate an acrostic poem for the word "INSPIRE".
Is it respectful to wear a short skirt to a funeral?
Combine two colors to create a new color and describe it.
Create a query to find the population of the Australian state Queensland
Classify the fruit apple as a tropical or temperate fruit.
Develop a design for a logo representing a new company.
Name one commonly used algorithm in artificial intelligence.
Generate an original poem that follows the rhyming scheme: ABABCCDDD
Write a short poem about nature.
Write the plural version of the word "tooth".
Identify the three most popular beach activities.
Describe the nutrition information for a banana.
Generate 10 rhyming words for the word "love".
Describe the advantages of creating a lifestyle brand
Find the median of the set of numbers {4, 10, 8, 11, 1}.
Create a list of tasks that a software engineer might be asked to do.
Write a paragraph updatating the reader about the recent events surrounding [Apple Inc].
Generate a metaphor for the concept of identity.
Describe what a bear looks like.
Imagine you are an alien visiting Earth for the first time. Describe what you are seeing.
Name a few countries that use German as the official language.
Generate a mission statement for a non-profit organization focused on animal welfare.
Generate a 3-sentence story containing the characters: A third-grade teacher and a rabbit
Provide five tips for effective customer service.
Identify the closest synonym for the word 'protuberance'.
Evaluate the positive and negative effects of using artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Write a short story, set in the future, about a character who decides to travel to a distant planet in pursuit of a new life
Brainstorm a list of vacation destinations
Arrange the following letters to form an English word: G - A - T - O
Create a list of at least three pros of running regularly.
Give me a question to ask someone you are getting to know.
Write a few lines of code to create a basic calculator in Python.
Can you tell me five animals that lay eggs?
Make a list of the key benefits to using artificial intelligence
Paraphrase the sentence, "She likes to watch television every night."
You need to name all the countries that lie between China and India in the Eastern hemisphere.
Create a short story featuring a movie star as a main character.
Generate a list of top ten best selling books from the last 10 years.
Read this input and come up with examples of different types of literary works
Provide a one sentence explanation of the term "net neutrality"
How did the US respond to the attacks on 9/11?
Explain the difference between artificial intelligence and machine learning
Write a story about the the adventures of two friends during their summer vacation.
Create a basic recipe for a delicious entrée.
Find the number of sides of a hexagon.
Generate an artificial intelligence fact.
Name three vaccinations that adults should get
Write a css class for an element with a rounded border
Tell a story about a person living an eco-friendly lifestyle.
Name two technologies related to machine learning.
Create a prompt for a creative writing assignment.
Write a description of the current weather in your area.
Evaluate the following statement: "Schools should be closed during summer vacation."
Generate a four-word proverb about determination.
Write a tip to make cooking easier.
Generate a list of three action items that can improve customer service
Develop a strategy for learning a new language in a short amount of time.
Explain why college students should get a library card.
Compose an apology letter to an old friend.
Select the appropriate option to solve the following equation: 3x+7=20
How would you protect your computer from viruses?
Explain the role of physics in the study of astronomy.
Create a list of 10 items that would be needed to conduct an experiment.
Explain the concept of "Software as a Service" (SaaS).
Come up with a simple explanation on how to use the boolean data type.
Generate a list of 5 steps to prepare for a job interview.
Write a short article on a machine learning algorithm.
Explain the concept of interest rate.
Suggest a good weight loss diet plan.
Summarize what a Blockchain is in a single sentence.
Write a short story about a robot who discovers nature.
Translate the sentence "I love you" in French.
Categorize the following words into either animals or plants: apple, shark, oak, cow
Finish this statement: "Artificial intelligence is a..."
Generate a list of safety tips for someone hiking in winter weather.
Provide an example of a situation which could be described as "reconciliation".
Generate a pitch for a new and original product.
Summarize in a sentence why it is important to make an effort to preserve native languages.
Generate three names that sound like they belong to characters in a fantasy world
Format this sentence according to Chicago Style for citations and bibliography: "April 4, 1901 is the date of Teddy Roosevelt's first Presidential Inauguration".
Generate a list of interview questions for a software development role.
Can you give me an example of something that is both figurative and literal?
List five tropical fruits.
Name a Bluetooth enabled device.
My laptop won't turn on - what could be causing this?
Create a marketing strategy to increase product engagement.
Write a review of the book "The Hunger Games".
Design a graphical user interface for employees to view their payroll.
Generate an example sentence illustrating the use of the word "audacious"
Create an original haiku related to the theme of rain.
Learn a fact and provide the number associated with it.
Write a short story featuring a farmer, a lion and a mouse
Compose a detailed list of features for a new restaurant.
Generate a list of elements that young professionals must keep in mind when preparing for an interview.
Create a list of three hobbies someone can take up during quarantine.
How did Ancient Egyptians build the pyramids?
Write an algorithm to find the intersection of two arrays.
Tell me a horror story that takes place in an abandoned house.
Trace the origin of the name ‘Africa’
Name a benefit of modern technology.
Calculate the area of a room with a ceiling height of 8 feet and dimensions of 14 by 11 feet.
Construct a shell script
Make a list of six kitchen appliances that every chef should have.
Describe the best way to store fresh berries.
What is a 404 error and how can it be fixed?
Given a sentence, list all the adjectives, "The beautiful girl at the party smiled."
Identify the two colors that make up the American flag.
Write a few sentences describing how to make a cup of tea.
Explain the significance of a red rose.
Generate an example using the idiom "lost in translation"
List the most important tools for developing effective page layouts.
Generate a haiku with the words "moon," "river," and  "cloud."
Identify and outline the various phases of the moon.
Name an artificial intelligence application that can be used in healthcare.
Name three romantic locations.
Write a poem that contains the given words: "river" and "light"
Describe how blockchain can be used in the fields of finance and banking?
Calculate 7 times 5.
Create a haiku from the following words: love, home, tree.
What is the purpose of a business plan?
Explain the difference between regular and partial differentiation.
Generate a styling guide for a website
Describe a place that invokes a sense of peace and relaxation.
Create an API that takes a text as an input and returns the sentiment score.
Develop a prediction model to predict the stock price of company X.
Rewrite the following sentence to use the verb ‘formulate’:    The scientist created a new hypothesis.
How would you compare the experience of windsurfing with the experience of sailing?
Create an example of a memorable customer service experience.
Think of one example of a cloud computing service.
Write a description of the life cycle of a dragonfly.
Generate an example of a catchy title for a blog post explaining what is Machine Learning
Generate a sentence that catches the reader's attention
Explain what a pin code is, and list some of its advantages.
Make up an excuse for why you can’t attend a meeting
List the top 5 largest countries in the world.
What are three modern trends that you find fascinating?
Construct an argument supporting the implementation of green energy.
Create an advertising slogan for a new luxury car.
What is the meaning of the proverb "look before you leap"?
Generate a poem with a constant rhyme scheme.
Describe the internet censorship laws in your country.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: "Light travels faster than sound."
Explain the concept behind a neural network.
Create ten multiple-choice questions about the topic of history.
Write a sentence that contains the phrase "do away with".
Summarize a recent news story from the US or international news.
Create a shopping list for a vegan dinner for two.
Describe a process of cleaning silverware.
Write an algorithm for switching five traffic lights.
Explain the differences between the terms "science" and "technology".
Outline the features and benefits of a particular mobile app.
Summarize the political process for passing a law.
Create a tweet that states the importance of social distancing.
Research the biography of a famous person and explain what has made them successful.
List all the prime ministers of India since 1947.
Design a bike with a stable center of gravity
Explain why learning something new can bring positivity in life.
Describe the theory of natural selection in one sentence.
Generate a programming code fragment to print out multiplication table up to 10.
You need to write a blog post discussing the effects of climate change on global bee populations.
Change the following sentence from passive to active voice: The new product was launched yesterday
What are the common techniques for solving a system of linear equations?
Generate a few examples of how technology can be used to improve online education.
Compose an email to a professor to make an appointment.
Come up with a creative story about a talking book.
Compare and contrast cellular respiration and photosynthesis.
List two properties of a mineral.
Describe the 5 stages of a waterfall methodology.
Explain the relationship between mass and weight.
Create a todo list which you can use to organize daily tasks.
Describe a monsoon season in India.
Create Two objects of type String.
How does the internet affect our everyday lives?
Find the net worth of Mark Zuckerberg.
Find two pieces of evidence that support the statement "The use of technology has improved the speed of communication".
Research the origin of the Rubik's cube and summarize your findings
Come up with a creative title for a story about the dangers of global warming.
Generate a blog post discussing the importance of healthy eating habits.
Make a list of five civil rights activists.
Explain what a 'heterogeneous environment' is.
Explain the risk involved in using a technology like AI.
How much should you tip for a meal that cost $60?
Think of a way to save water
Give a story of a time when you were faced with a difficult problem and had to use your resourcefulness to solve it.
List all the vegetables that are rich in Vitamin C.
Create a headline for an article about the effects of global warming on the seafood industry
Determine which of the two words "penchant" and "predilection" have a similar meaning
Describe a typical school day
Create a list of 5 tasks a virtual assistant can help with
Explain the concept of sentiment analysis.
Name one of the famous soccer clubs in Brazil.
Generate a complex password that follows all security rules.
What is an IP address?
Create a timeline of the civil rights movement
Generate a number between 1 and 10.
Change this sentence to future tense: "She takes the train to work every day."
Describe the feeling of contentment
Generate an example of all four of the common data types, (string, integer, float and boolean)?
Name 5 branches of mathematics.
Generate a persuasive argument for why fast food is healthy.
Find a photo to represent the idea of family.
Name an animal with a shell.
Provide a detailed creative recipe to make a cake
Since there are several existing databases available online, what factors should be taken into account when selecting the right one?
Rearrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: the / project / was / but / on / successful / challenging.
Generate a descriptive paragraph about Mt. Everest
Suggest a healthy diet plan for a 5-year-old
Isolate the coordinates of the point (-3, 4)
Name three different rodents
Find a Spanish translation for the word "friend".
Write a CV for a web developer.
Explain the difference between HashMap and TreeMap in Java
Generate a list of 5 different job roles for a computer engineer.
Construct a rhetorical question to start a persuasive speech.
Summarize in a few sentences the main ideas of the article: “How AI can help tackle climate change”
Develop a marketing plan within 100 words.
Describe a method for detecting spam emails.
What was the most recent discovery in astronomy?
Name 5 strategies to reduce stress.
Construct a query for finding information about the latest COVID-19 testing related policy in your locality.
Please provide an example of a food that can easily be eaten on the go.
Describe the concept of market capitalization.
List three software engineering best practices.
Generate a list of 6 questions about sustainable energy.
List the daily chores of a taxi driver.
What environmental impacts could be caused by ocean acidification?
Design a classifier to identify if a text is news or fiction.
Identify the comparative form of bad.
Name three items that make up a typical networking cable.
Write an essay outlining the pros and cons of government intervention in the economy.
Generate a unique username with the following combination of letters and numbers: X5A2W
Calculate the square root of a given number.
Describe three benefits of using animation in presentations.
Generate a list of ten skills a company may be looking for in a good candidate
Generate a hashtag for a celebrity fashion brand.
What is a way that computer programming can be beneficial to the economy?
Find all 3-digit palindromic numbers.
Compose a brief description of the Grand Canyon.
Create a three-sentence summary of the movie “The Terminator”
Name three restaurants near Seattle.
Describe what a computer monitor is and why it is used.
Create a research topic related to increasing customer loyalty.
Make a list of five suitable gifts for a close friend.
Create a flow chart that describes the steps for creating a PowerPoint presentation.
Create a quiz that tests a user's knowledge of the geography of Europe.
Select a fitting professional title for a project manager.
Find the atomic mass of oxygen using the periodic table.
Generate five unusual ideas for a new holiday celebration.
Name three different types of neural networks.
Under what scenarios would you use a convolutional neural network?
Classify the following sentence: "I am feeling terrible today."
Select a color scheme for a website.
Give a real life example of the law of inertia.
Give a brief explanation of the term "variable" in computer science.
Compose a list of 10 healthy snacks for a 1-year-old.
Give 3 benefits of using data visualization.
Generate a list of tips for managing stress during exams.
Find two songs that I could add to a playlist for motivation.
Explain the impact of rising sea levels on coastal areas.
Name 5 health benefits of exercising.
Describe the physical properties of gold
How would you design a countertop to hold up to 25lbs?
Please introduce yourself to Speech Recognition Software
Name five challenges associated with deploying GPT models in real-world applications.
List the advantages and disadvantages of using a cloud service for storing data.
Design a program which receive input from the user and prints its reverse.
Write a description of the movie Inception.
Create an outline for a blog post on mental health.
Provide three advantages of using a computer.
Write 4 multiplication equations using the numbers 3, 7 and 10
Describe the residential patterns in the city.
What are some common misconceptions about artificial intelligence?
What should I do to find the best lawyer in my area?
Propose a solution to a global problem.
Generate a chatbot script to help customers find a product.
Write two sentences showing how to use a thesaurus.
Create 20 questions about the topic of space exploration.
Explain what is the difference between Photosynthesis and Respiration.
Write a set of instructions to make a cup of tea.
What is the fourth letter in the word "annoying"?
Explain the meaning of the idiom, "Too big for one’s boots".
Give three examples of characters in "Harry Potter" with special magical powers
Produce a set of instructions in the form of pseudo code for a chess-playing program.
Give an example of a multi-cloud platform.
Generate a list of 3 things that a doctor should do when diagnosing a patient
Reword the sentence "The view from the hotel room was gorgeous"
What would you do to improve the quality of customer service?
Contrast the difference between a fox and a wolf
Come up with a new name for an app that helps manage finances.
Explain why the following statement is true: “Zero multiplied by any number is equal to zero.”
Describe three advantages and three disadvantages of using a laptop computer.
Create an entity recognition system for a given dataset.
Write a thanking letter to a professor!
Describe the need for digital literacy in today's world.
Generate a metaphor to explain why it's important to be prepared for a job interview.
Identify the tense of this sentence: "We are going to the movies."
Generate a real world sentence using the word "depict".
Name a famous Italian singer.
Imagine you are writing a narrative story. Describe the protagonist.
Differentiate between good and bad customer service in the hospitality industry.
Please generate a random 5-letter word.
Imagine you are buying a robotic assistant. What features do you expect the assistant to have?
Assign a truth value (true or false) to the following statement:  Money cannot buy happiness.
Explain how a machine learning algorithm works.
Generate two possible questions a customer might ask related to the product.
Describe a summer day in Istanbul.
Construct a complex sentence that starts with a dependent clause.
Analyze the following sentence and provide a subject and a verb:  "One day by the sea."
Describe a non-traditional use case of artificial intelligence.
Describe the standard procedure to respond to an oil spill.
Name three features of a zombie film.
Explain what kinds of benefits does AI have in the healthcare sector.
Name three celebrities that are associated with the brand Coca-Cola.
Provide a case study of how technology has been used to improve healthcare.
Generate a list of musical instruments.
Summarize the legal requirements for setting up a business in California.
Create a Valentine's Day themed poem.
Make a suggestion for an anniversary gift for a husband.
In what way is an iPad similar to a laptop computer?
Create a shopping list for two people for one week.
Recommend a suitable language model for a task that performs summarization.
Describe the atmosphere of a campfire.
What techniques can be used to stop yourself from procrastinating?
Craft a survey to measure customer satisfaction for a retail store.
I want to get a new phone. Pick 3 phones to compare and explain why they would be good choices.
Create a plan for a virtual hangout session between friends.
Write a narrative describing a children's birthday party.
Name an animal that has red fur.
Gather some recent data related to the increasing rates of unemployment.
Explain the fundamentals of healthcare informatics.
Find the top 3 countries that consume the most coffee per person per year.
Construct a persuasive argument to convince someone why they should reduce their carbon footprint.
Generate four suggestions for a healthy and nutritious breakfast
Create a recipe for a healthy breakfast that can be cooked in 10 minutes or less.
What is the use of "continue" statement in Python?
Describe the process of regeneration in plants.
Design a logo for a restaurant specializing in Italian-American cuisine.
List the positive and negative effects of globalization.
In what ways can a person's day be improved?
What is the most common shopping cart abandonment reason?
Describe a chemical reaction.
Generate two exercise plans for a beginner who wants to lose weight.
Find and define five technical terms related to artificial intelligence.
Determine if the given sentence is a fragment or complete: "Waiting at the bus stop."
Provide an example of a use case for Machine Learning
What is the two-letter acronym for the Organization of American States?
Construct a timeline to show the development of artificial intelligence over the last 5 years.
Generate a dialogue between two customers arguing about price.
What is the formula for the acceleration due to gravity?
Describe the feeling of eating a delicious strawberry.
Find the area of a triangle with vertices (2, -3), (6, 10) and (-3, 7).
Create a regex expression that excludes words containing the letter "x".
Design and describe the cover of a book about mythology.
Classify the following information according to its type: "The customer bought a blue shirt."
Research one major concern about the impact of technology that is not related to privacy invasion.
Create a recipe for an omelette with a minimum of three ingredients.
Come up with a creative way to organize a collection of toys.
What are the four main types of energy resources?
Recommend a movie that is suitable for a family watch night.
Create a Flash Card with a definition of the word "Protagonist".
Give the top three medical uses for aspirin.
Come up with three questions to ask a potential employer in an interview.
How can GPT models be used to improve digital assistant bots?
Provide three examples of web browsers.
Make a list of 5 items in the kitchen that are essential for cooking.
Make a list of 5 elements that are necessary for photosynthesis to take place.
Generate an essay on the importance of the right to education.
Compose a poem using the following words: ‘autumn’, ‘golden’, ‘breeze’, and ‘forest’.
Create a story that's corny and cheesy.
Create a brief outline for a story about a character overcoming their fear.
What is the main source of energy for living organisms in Earth?
Generate a list of benefits that can be derived from a healthy lifestyle.
You need to write a job description for a chef.
Describe a few features of a search engine.
What is the main purpose of an agenda during a meeting?
Provide three adjectives that describe the personality of a police officer.
Please list the 3 most populous countries in the world.
Identify areas of improvement in the following statement:  The customer experience has been satisfactory this past quarter.
Rearrange the following words to make a complete sentence: France, in, my, I, vacation, next, plan.
Are cats nocturnal animals?
Compare and contrast website design and web development.
Describe a hypothetical system for gaining points by participating in community service.
Translate "Ich bin ein Berliner" into English.
List 10 important events in the history of the US.
Design a customer survey for a restaurant
Name 3 benefits of using cloud computing.
Write a command in Spanish to order a cup of tea
Provide an example sentence with the word 'enigmatic' in it.
List the five different types of adjectives
Categorize the following list of objects as either living or non-living: frog, rock, tree
Make up a poem about a violent storm.
Type the silent letter in the word 'honest'.
Find out the average salary of software engineer in USA in 2019.
Write a brief review of the following movie: The Devil Wears Prada
Generate a list of activities for a day out with family.
Name three shapes that have six sides
Generate a shopping list for a fast food meal.
Explain what a blockchain is and its benefits
Generate an example of a constructive feedback in office environment
Compare and contrast Object-Oriented Programming and Functional Programming.
Generate a feature list for an automated customer service assistant.
Create an original joke using the following words: nun, pizza and bed
Generate a list of five questions to ask someone about their job.
Generate a military-style marching chant.
Identify three key features of a mobile app.
Brainstorm a list of 10 items required to build a birdhouse.
Describe the main character in a creative way
Generate a story about a situation where someone has to make a difficult decision.
Come up with five different activities to help children explore the solar system.
Write a sentence using the following phrases: "the gatekeeper", "evil forces", and "overtaken".
Summarize the following paragraph in one sentence.  The US government has pledged to reduce emissions and investments in clean energy but experts argue more needs to be done if the US wants to meet their climate targets.
Evaluate the quality of the following sentence: "To get a better understanding of the material we have been studying, going through examples is a good choice."
Explain how to build a professional portfolio.
What is the sum of 5 and 10?
Explain what a computer algorithm is.
What are the benefits of living a healthy lifestyle?
Imagine a conversation between two employees about their work.
Name five reasons why plants are important for ecosystem balance.
Develop a timeline for the American Revolution.
Construct a request for an assistant to do an action.
Find three ways to improve the team workflow.
What is the most powerful earthquake ever recorded?
Describe a time when you used teamwork to achieve success.
Generate a sentence that explains the meaning of the term "velleity".
Create a conversation about July 4th.
Develop a conversation between two people about the novel they are reading.
What is the name of a fictional character from the movie, Captain Marvel?
Generate a list of adjectives that describe a person as brave.
Name 4 European countries that touch the Atlantic Ocean
Describe a natural process using only 5 words.
Suggest a recipe for an easy breakfast using eggs.
Calculate the year of creation for a tech company started in 1989.
What is the purpose of Financial Accounting?
Explain the difference between a disc jockey and a producer.
Propose a strategy for reducing energy consumption in the home
What is the next step needed to make a cake?
Generate code to create a new random number every three seconds
Rewrite this sentence: "I don't like apples"
Explain the process of bacterial transformation
Describe how the use of technology in education has changed in the past years.
Generate a sentence that fully embodies the sensation of being in love.
Generate an example of an algorithm for searching strings
Generate a pseudocode for sorting an array.
Name five characteristics of good customer service.
What is the best way to store data in a mobile app?
Describe the purpose of the Global Positioning System (GPS).
Divide 10 into the ratio 3:2.
Suggest tips for saving money.
Imagine you are talking to a customer who is looking for advice on choosing a phone system. Write a reply that provides relevant information and outlines the benefits of a cloud system.
Describe why a government might impose a ban on its citizens travelling to certain countries.
List five ways to stay healthy during the winter.
Given the following input, generate a title for an article related to basketball.
Suggest 5 unique and healthy recipes for lunch.
Write a story that starts with the line: "The dragons flew toward the castle, fire burning in their eyes".
Create a password which contains at least 10 characters including an uppercase letter, lowercase letter, a number, and a special symbol.
Brainstorm a list of potential interview questions for a C-level executive
Write a definition of the term “natural language processing” in less than 50 words.
Write a function to return the nth Fibonacci number.
You need to suggest four ways to save money for college.
Describe a character named "John" in 3 sentences.
Generate a dialogue between two friends discussing the latest news in their city.
Create a story about a cat and a mouse
Create a Mad Lib story.
Write a short essay on the causes of climate change.
Explain how social media affects our daily lives.
Generate a creative writing prompt relating to the topic “mountain”
Come up with a possible commercial use case of GPT
Generate three questions to ask a new interviewer.
Name a tragedy that occurred in the 20th century.
Name two advantages that digital platforms offer for businesses
Identify popular dishes in Mexico.
Give me a list of 5 math equations to solve.
Describe the concept of free will.
Summarize the supervised learning algorithm KNN.
Name three items used in a game of chess.
Generate a simile to describe a person's eye color.
Create a short story about the last day of summer.
What is the optimal temperature for red wine?
Build an AI-driven chatbot to help users looking for a job find the right one.
Generate a fact about recycling.
Generate a list of five positive consequences associated with the rise of artificial intelligence.
What is the role of the nervous system in the human body?
Rewrite the following sentence in the simplest possible way:  The government had imposed strict regulations on the production of false information.
Describe the efforts of the 2009 amendments to the U.S. tobacco legislation
Generate a story about a paladin who was on a quest to find a magical artifact.
Compare the speed of traditional banking to online banking.
Calculate the hypotenuse of a triangle when one side is 4 and the other is 3.
Write a poem about the beauty of the night sky.
Write a short story with an unexpected twist.
Create a program that reads an input number and prints its reverse.
Provide three reasons why diversity is important in a workplace.
Generate the verb form of the word 'write'.
Generate a story about a young girl who moved to a new town
Generate a story about a person who travels to another world and gains a superpower.
Describe an experience in which you had to work with someone you did not like
Describe what it is like when you are in a museum.
Rewrite this sentence to make it imperative: "You should demonstrate ethical integrity"
Generate a list of 3 healthy snacks for children.
What is the most important action to take for reducing one’s carbon footprint?
Give me 5 tips to reduce energy consumption.
Write a travel guide for Lapland, Finland.
Choose three places you would like to visit and explain why.
Generate a list of 10 diseases that affect cattle
Generate 5 questions that you could ask someone to learn more about them.
Create a list of 10 helpful tips for designing an effective computer-based education system
Write a story that includes the following words: vase, lighthouse, sparrow.
Write a poem that expresses your view of the world.
Describe a real-world application of reinforcement learning.
Classify the following sentence as a statement, question or command: "Can you help me?"
Explain why the global population is still growing despite the threat of overpopulation.
Construct a simple greeting
Research one of the most common ethical issues related to data collection.
Make a recommendation for a family movie
Write a function to count the occurances of a given character in a string.
Create a new question about Mount Everest as if you're writing an exam.
Create an advertisement for a new brand of sneakers
Construct an analogy that compares the terms “master” and “servant”
Redact the following sentence to remove all personal information: "John Smith from Birmingham works in a factory."
Rewrite the given sentence, “She is a kind woman” in third-person.
Generate sentence using word2vec
Suggest three strategies for reducing anxiety.
Explain the purpose of hypertext markup language (HTML).
Describe the behavior of a person who is on the autism spectrum
Create a list of five rules that should be followed when using social media.
Find the missing word of this phrase: "The ____ is going up"
How does diversity in the workplace help with innovation?
How can you help the environment?
What is the most common type of data visualization used?
Find the difference between the GDP of India and the GDP of China.
Translate the word 'happiness' into Spanish.
Tell us a joke
Generate a recipe that involves apples.
Summarize the main points of the Berlin Declaration on Atmospheric Pollution.
Create a birthday card for someone turning 18.
Describe a car crash.
Summarize the definition of "criminal justice".
Name five characteristics of a typical resume.
Make a list of 5 interesting trivia questions about sports.
Generate a list of five countries with the most internet users
Create an array of size 5 that contains all odd numbers from 1 to 11.
Of what elements is Helium composed?
Suggest one way to address cyberbullying.
Suggest three changes to improve this sentence: "I don’t think that it’s a smart idea"
Create an algorithm for solving a Tower of Hanoi problem.
Write a summary of John Grisham's novel "A Time To Kill".
Build a database for all Italian dishes
Explain how to bake an apple pie.
Make an argument for the benefits of homeschooling
Design an algorithm to adjust a smartphone display brightness depending on the current lighting conditions.
Encode the following string in base64: "Hello World!".
Generate a new recipe using these 3 ingredients: eggs, tomatoes, and cheese.
Generate a persuasive essay with the topic: Pets are better than cars
List the phases of the moon in order.
Generate a set of guidelines for designing a logo
Rearrange the following sentence to make it grammatically correct:  eat likes vegetables my cat
Describe the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Generate three antonyms for the word "wonderful".
Given a sentence, output the verb phrase and its tense: She had been dancing all night.
Describe two ways that the internet has made communication simpler.
Provide a metaphor to describe the relationship between technology and human life.
Construct a dialogue in which an AI assistant has to explain the difference between random forest and support vector machines algorithms.
Give five examples of how technology has improved the banking sector.
Write a CSS class to make all h2 headings orange.
Write a script for a 3-minute commercial for a new product.
Describe a computer programming language in one sentence.
Compose a tweet that addresses the issue of environmental degradation.
Create a short story that starts with the following sentence:  The professor walked into the classroom with a strange package.
Compare and contrast elephants and dolphins.
Provide three reasons why computer science is an important field
Come up with a creative idea for a children's book.
Generate a random integer between 5 and 10.
Describe the use of sentiment analysis in the field of marketing.
Name three other planets in the Solar System.
Generate a descriptive sentence about a beach sunset.
List two factors that causes global climate change?
Describe the flavor of the dish "Pumpkin Pie"
Explain the function of a capacitor in an electrical circuit.
Create a poem that has 8 lines and uses the following words: tree, sky, love, sun.
Give three types of computer graphics.
Arrange this list of items in alphabetical order: apple, cat, book
Create a computer program that fixes typos in a text.
Create a question about the consequences of global warming.
Create a metapher to illustrate the importance of perseverance in attaining success.
What’s the relationship between a meteorologist and the weather
Rewrite the following sentence in the indicated form:  Original: The old man planted a rosebush in his garden.  Rewrite to:  The garden was adorned with a rosebush by the old man.
Generate two humorous sentences about a clown.
Create a Twitter post about why people should reduce their carbon footprint.
How do you create a pivot table in Excel?
Write a headline for an article about a new streaming service.
Create an algorithm that prints the numbers from 1 to 10.
Describe the flavor profile of a single-origin chai tea
Categorize the following sentence: "The sun is the brightest star in the sky."
What strategies can be used to conserve energy in the home?
Describe a medieval castle in 3 sentences.
Construct an SQL query to query the average age of all customers
Create a list of the top 5 attractions in San Francisco.
Generate three controls for a web page.
Create a survey question about wildlife conservation
Compare and contrast Pandora's Box and the Garden of Eden
Write a few sentences about a meaningful learning experience from the past
Search the web for articles related to the topic provided.
Compare and contrast nuclear and solar energy.
Explain why the Civil War was fought.
Remind me to take my multivitamin every morning.
Create a multiple choice question to assess a student's understanding of the Pythagorean theorem.
Generate a hypothesis about why musical training improves children's academic performance
Write an article about how companies can support remote employees.
Generate pros and cons of cloning humans.
Explain why democracy is a good form of government.
Make a listing of the top 5 most successful retail stores in the world.
Design a machine learning algorithm for predicting the price of a house.
Generate five creative marketing ideas to promote a product.
What is the mileage rate for business expenses in the United Kingdom?
Suggest four ways to improve customer satisfaction.
Rewrite the sentence "Diversity is a strength."
Name three things a person needs for a successful job hunt.
Generate a list of top challenges for startups in 2021.
Edit the title of the book "Journey to the North" to make it more interesting.
Generate a creative story that describes an adventure in the jungle.
Who can benefit from meditation and why?
What are the ethics of using Artificial Intelligence (AI) in marketing?
Imagine you are going on a camping trip with your family. How would you plan ahead?
Describe an armadillo in three sentences.
List 5 things that can be bought at a grocery store
Write the equation for the volume of an ice cream cone
Identify the genre of this movie trailer:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYgZh8iRmgo
Explain what a web crawler does
Come up with a slang term for the phrase "working hard".
Create a descriptive paragraph about a mountain.
Analyze the relationship between science and technology.
Provide a list of at least ten animals that are found living in the microhabitat of a tree.
Describe the significance of the Crick–Watson model.
Calculate the number of days between January 1 and April 5.
Explain how blockchain technology will revolutionize the banking industry.
List five common treatments for depression
Can you generate a list of four benefits of taking a break?
Reorganize the words to form a complete sentence.  university/enroll/parents/urged/their/to/children
Write a fictional story involving a character who overcomes a difficult obstacle.
List three psychological theories on decision-making
Create a metaphor that relates to cooking.
Determine which of the following numbers is the greatest: 3, 4, 6
Create a mnemonic to help remember the meaning of the word "reconcile".
Explain how planetary motions in the Solar System work.
Construct a hypothesis to explain why people yawn.
Prove that the sum of two positive integers is always positive.
Suggest one other way to reduce global warming.
Write a story about a character discovering their true identity
Create an example phrase using the following words: clever, sly, clever.
List 3 diseases that are caused by polluted air
Tell me the unit for electric current.
List three benefits that AI can provide in healthcare
Create a macro in Excel to convert Celsius degrees to Fahrenheit.
Answer this question:  What are the top five countries in the world in terms of population?
Find a city in the US where the average temperature is lowest in winter.
Which language is more popular today - Java or JavaScript?
Describe a moral problem related to AI.
Name five famous landmarks in Paris.
Identify and explain the 6 main layers of the atmosphere.
Describe the painting “Nighthawks” by Edward Hopper.
Create a media plan that will target people between the ages of 25 and 35.
Create a recipe for roasted broccoli
Devise a plan for how a company can successfully diversify its workforce.
Propose a plan to address cyberbullying.
Generate a list of items that can be found in a garden.
Create an API endpoint for retrieving information about the latest book.
Design a mobile game for a 4 year old that involves cooking.
Create a list of the 8 planets in our Solar System in order from the closest to the Sun to the farthest
Create a birthday wish for someone who loves animals.
I am trying to design a new user interface. Which colors will make it visually appealing?
What is the most important thing university students should learn?
Explain the concept of biological evolution.
Describe three advantages of living in the digital age.
Suggest a cool gadget to buy as a gift
Create a 5-step process to write a blog post.
Generate a dialogue between a customer service representative and a customer who has a complaint.
Change this sentence to the future tense: "I am eating a pizza."
Topic to write about: How to make a killer presentation
Create a web page that displays the temperature of the city of Florence.
Rate the effectiveness of the GPT model on a scale from 1 to 5 (5being most effective)
Calculate how many kilometers 5 miles is.
Create a list of the top 10 international airports that have the highest passenger traffic.
Create a Python script that will calcuate the average of three numbers.
Generate an acrostic poem given the keyword "joy".
You are asked to develop a website in order to promote the following book: 1984 by George Orwell
Enter a valid email address
Explain a complex concept in simple terms.
Name five members of Shakespeare's Globe theatre.
Name three common elements of a screenplay.
What is AI Ethics?
Explain the concept of conditional statements
Describe the development of the film industry since 1975.
Write 3 laws of motion.
Describe the philosophy of life.
Generate a fake name and address.
Compare and contrast the Republican and the Democratic party.
Pick a color that best describes the feeling of joy.
Describe the purpose and benefits of using an artificial neural network
Create a web page to allow users to register for your workshop.
Brainstorm a list of 4 potential benefits to using AI in banking.
Generate a heartfelt condolence message for a deceased friend.
Research and write a one-sentence summary about the French Revolution.
List the different layers of the TCP/IP model
Identify which is bigger: a cup or a pint?
Write a short story in which a character has to save the world from an evil genius villain.
Write a poem that expresses love in unexpected ways.
How can customer acquisition be improved in a company?
Write 3 sentences to explain the effects of malnutrition.
Generate an opening statement for a speech on global inequality.
Create a sentence with 4 adjectives.
Generate a hypothesis for why different cooking times are needed for foods of varying texture.
Sort the following list in ascending order: 11, 5, 7, -4
Create a story that ends with the line "The End".
Explain the basic components of a relational database.
Give an example of an active sentence using the verb "give".
Who is the author of the book "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone"?
Write a function to find the most frequent element in an array.
Compare and contrast eating at a restaurant and eating at home.
Create an analogy for the campaign process of an election.
Compose a simile that expresses a comparison between two dissimilar things.
Provide the decimal equivalent of 0.25 percent.
Define the term “bilateral agreement”.
Name 5 adventure sports
What are some techniques to deal with stress
Create a unique instance of the word "beauty" using a simile.
Explain what a race condition is in a computer program.
Explain why a computer needs RAM.
List five effects of global warming.
Generate a plausible sentence about a dystopian world
Design a strategy to study for an upcoming exam.
Explain why exponential curves tend to be used for modelling population growth.
Given the following random words: elephant, rainbow, scissors, vacation. Create a sentence that contains all of them.
Divide the number 81 by 9 and output the result as a natural language response.
Simplify the following equation: 3x+4y=4x-7y
Reword the phrase "It was a dark and stormy night"
List five important qualities of a good leader.
Compose a tweet about the benefits of using a CRM system for business owners.
List some popular websites for online shopping.
Explain the concept of energy security.
Describe the living room of your home
Compose a tweet about the current state of healthcare.
Describe the unique features of Stanley Park in Vancouver.
What are the three basic components of computer hardware?
Rewrite this sentence to make it more formal: This new policy has met with a lot of approval.
Create a complex password with a minimum of 8 characters.
Tell me the top 5 funniest movies of all time.
Write a blurb for a book about time travel.
Summarize the US' approach to climate change during Trump's presidency.
Summarize John Locke's philosophy on human nature.
List five organizations related to environmental protection.
Create a summarizing title for an article about the rising cost of living in the USA.
Explain how to make a simple paper airplane.
How old was Leonardo Da Vinci when he painted the Mona Lisa?
Describe how crowdfunding works
Recommend a quick and easy snack.
Find a quote that reflects the theme of resilience.
Explain what "normalization" means in the context of database design.
Formulate a statement summarizing the main points of the 2020 U.S. Presidential election.
Make a list of activities to teach a 3-year-old the concept of shapes.
Develop a budgeting app for a household.
Summarize the data in the chart in three sentences.
Generate a sentence which correctly uses the homophone "fair"
Tell me how you would debug an AI model
Explain why it's important to back up data.
Suggest a creative way to scare birds away from a garden.
Describe a social event you recently attended.
Develop a strategy to make a financial plan for retirement.
Generate a travel guide for Tokyo.
Generate a list of tips to improve metabolism.
Generate a unique example of hyperbole.
How did the technology help to improve the quality of life?
Classify the following sentence as either positive or negative sentiment:  "The product could've been better."
Compose a rap about two opposing different points of view.
Identify a type of physical activity that can be done indoors.
Tell me what the expression "out of the blue" means?
Calculate the sales tax rate for California.
Write a 300 word report on the benefits of using AI in the criminal justice system.
Construct a logic equation to solve the following problem: If it's raining, then you should take an umbrella.
Make a list of five animals living in the Sahara desert.
Describe what an AI chatbot is and how it works.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "He advised us useful advices."
Generate a list of five characters that would be featured in a teenage drama.
Design a quilt with 5 different colors.
Name a winter sport that requires a helmet.
Document the steps needed to deploy a machine learning model in an Android application.
Say three positive qualities about yourself
Tell me what I should do for lunch today.
Generate a dialogue between a customer and a salesperson in a department store.
Describe a good way to ensure that quality customer service is delivered.
Generate a dialogue between two characters on a date.
Come up with a creative way to store shoes in the closet.
Share a recipe for making apple pie.
Provide 3 new words and their definitions.
Describe the different stages in the software development lifecycle.
How is linear regression used in predictive modeling?
Construct a mathematical equation for the sum of all numbers between 1 and 100.
Give me a sentence that shows agreement.
What are the advantages of the online marketplace over traditional stores?
Find a hotel in Las Vegas that is rated 4 stars or higher and provide the link.
Specify the size of a concrete block in inches.
Differentiate between mass and weight.
Rate the importance of creativity in life and give one example of how it helps you.
Design a cloud-based contact management system for 1,000 users.
What is the origin of the phrase "dog days of summer"?
What is the most important point I should include in an essay about the global financial crisis?
Create a leadership training program.
Name one difference between a GPT-3 and traditional language model
Solve the following math equation: 8x + 9y = 180
Find the total cost of 10 apples when each apple costs $2.
Explain the difference between a public and a private IP address.
What is celestial navigation?
Name three popular tourist attractions in Canada
Give examples of three programs that are used for data wrangling.
Name four types of data structure.
Write a one-sentence story
Describe what nuclear energy is and how it is used.
Imagine you received news of an impending natural disaster. What are the three most important items you would need to prepare for the disaster?
Create a compelling headline for an article about the environmental benefits of going vegan.
Create a list of five things that a student should avoid in order to succeed in academia.
Name three reasons why some people may be afraid of speaking in public.
Tell the antagonist in the story.
Construct a SQL query that will retrieve the first 5 records from a table called "Customers".
Find the legal age to drink alcohol in the United States.
Research a famous plant-based chef, summarize their career and provide their website link.
Write a definition of "photoshop".
Name a historical person associated with the Civil Rights Movement.
Generate an appropriate response when someone gives praise.
Come up with a tagline for a family-friendly web series.
Edit the sentence "I hath come to this conclusion"
Describe how voice recognition technology works.
Generate a theme song for a movie about a police officer.
Generate a computer science project based on Python language.
Name 3 features of a smartphone.
Generate an acronym for a software company.
Come up with an interesting topic for a persuasive essay.
Generate a metaphor that compares ambition to an animal.
Categorize the following books based on genre: The Catcher in the Rye, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
Make a funny analogy comparing two unrelated things.
Describe a scenario where a student's choices can either cause success or failure.
Calculate the average of the following numbers: 14, 17, 21, 25
Explain the three basic tenants of traditional Buddhism.
What type of event would need a master of ceremonies?
Provide an example of a post to a classified website.
Suggest five ways to budget your expenses.
Given the text "The biggest moon in our solar system", rearrange the sentences to create a more flowing phrase.
Generate a topic to write a story about.
What fraction is equivalent to 0.5?
Write a short definition for the term 'Internet of Things'
Compose an epitaph for a beloved grandmother.
Given the following list of numbers, find the average and the sum: 1, 2, 3, 4
Find a synonym of “protective”
Generate an article on the ethical implications of using AI
Find a list of the most famous books written by Ernest Hemingway.
Identify the key differences between an organic and inorganic compound.
Write a letter to the editor of a local newspaper expressing your opinion on a current issue.
Translate the phrase "the world is yours" into Spanish.
Compose a sentence using the following words: organize, activities
Name two governments in conflict.
Create five different questions to ask an interviewee during a job interview
Produce a recipe for the following dish: spicy ginger pork stir-fry
Describe the difference between content marketing and advertising.
Re-write the following sentence to have a different meaning: "I ate the apple."
Find the third term in the sequence 1, 6, 11, 16, ...
Generate three interesting facts about the Titanic.
Synthesize an argument in support of renewable energy sources.
Generate a positive tweet
Imagine an alien visiting planet Earth for the first time. Describe what the alien might think of the planet.
Briely summarize the song "Bohemian Rhapsody" by Queen
Generate a descriptive phrase for a river at dawn.
Explain the differences between static and dynamic webpages.
Explain why using a GPT model is beneficial for solving some tasks.
What are the different uses of machine learning?
List 5 major world religions.
Come up with two statistics related to the US population.
Generate a list of 3 advantages of owning a pet.
Guess what is the opposite meaning of the word "obscure".
Give a short description of what artificial intelligence is
Compose a questions which requires a yes or no answer.
Translate the sentence "Ik vind het leuk om te leren" into English.
Which country is the most avant-garde?
Explain why the polynomial time complexity of an algorithm is important.
Name one significant benefit of using robots for manufacturing.
What year was James Madison born in?
Explain the concept of reinforcement learning in a simple and understandable way.
Create an algorithm to detect spam emails.
Propose a solution that could reduce the rate of deforestation.
Suggest three activities for a group of 8-10 year old children at an outdoor party.
Describe what sustainability means in 3 sentences.
What is the main difference between blockchain and distributed ledger technology?
Create a list of questions that a new teacher should ask their students during the first week of school
Devise a scenario where two machines can cooperate autonomously with each other.
Create an SQL query that returns all users whose age is greater than 22
Name six animals living in the Amazon Rainforest.
Summarize the following book: "1984" by George Orwell.
Come up with an example of a home automation device that has internet of things features.
What was the most popular movie in 2020?
Generate a feature for a mobile application that can increase user engagement.
Rewrite this sentence in a different format:  "A large majority of adults believe that climate change is a serious problem."
Explain what is the perceptron algorithm.
Generate 3 titles for a romantic comedy.
Explain the term computer memory.
Come up with a limerick about a car.
Discuss the potential implications of artificial intelligence and automation in the future.
Create an example of an open-ended question that can be used in a job interview
Generate a musical composition using a language model.
Provide two examples that demonstrate the concept of cultural appropriation.
Describe a conflict between two characters.
Generate the vowels of the English alphabet.
Find some interesting facts about earthquakes.
Think of a way to reduce global poverty
Name two sports that use a racquet.
Write a paragraph about how technology is reshaping the education system.
Provide an explanation on why the sky is blue.
Make 10 sentences with the word 'big'.
Find out the top three exports of Ireland.
Develop an idea for a mobile game that is based on an animal.
Generate a headline for a news story about the recent changes in the art world.
Identify the root form of the word spoke.
State two reasons why physical education is important.
Explain what the Circular Economy is
Describe what it means to lead a sustainable lifestyle
Categorise the following word: "Aliquippa".
Create a one-sentence description of the color yellow.
Collect two example of how AI is being used positively in healthcare.
Generate a list of 5 countries with the highest human development index.
Give an example of a compound noun formed from the words "night" and "watch".
Offer three tips for keeping a healthy diet.
Give an example of a public-key cryptography algorithm.
Name one social networking website
Design a voice assistant command to schedule an appointment.
Generate a list of six philosophical questions.
Name 5 ways technology can improve employee productivity.
Describe the process of launching rockets into space.
Generate a headline for a scientific paper on climate change.
Please create a list of the first 3 prime numbers
What features should an app have to make it user-friendly?
Offer a tip to improve concentration when studying or learning.
Where would you find the most modern technologies being used in the world?
Summarize the process for filing a complaint with a government agency.
Describe the importance of cultural diversity
What are the top three hot topics in artificial intelligence research?
Explain the concept of genomic imprinting.
Determine the absolute value of -6.
Summarize the differences between a tomato and a watermelon.
Describe the process of account creation for a website.
Construct an argument to convince me to buy a car
Come up with an antonym for the word "conservative".
Describe why robots are used in manufacturing
How could we prevent global warming?
Write an entertaining horror story in 200 words.
Discuss the advantages of using blockchain technology in digital transactions
Suggest a project idea for an AI assistant.
How does a computer process data?
Describe in one sentence what the GPT-3 model is.
Identify the theme present in Shakespeare's poem "Sonnet 18".
Create an appropriate title for a song.
Compose an email to a potential employer showcasing your relevant experience and qualifications
Outline a plan of action if a customer has an issue with their purchase
Provide two examples for unsupervised learning problems.
Explain the similarities between a left-wing and a right-wing political ideology
Answer the question: Have there been any changes to who can vote in the US over the years?
Name 5 animal species whose population is increasing.
Name an example of a simulation based on A.I.
Come up with a slogan to describe a new lipstick product.
Generate a list of novel robotic applications
Output a list of a different kind of fruits
Make a prediction about how the price of oil will change over the next 6 months.
Describe the safety protocols for safely handling hazardous materials.
What is the total cost of buying 10 cinema tickets that cost 6 euros each?
Generate a name for a popular online share trading platform
Name one thing that a car needs to work.
What are the stages of the user-centered design process?
Come up with 10 math terms and their respective meanings
How does email marketing help a business?
State an example of a company that practices sustainable agriculture.
Summarize three key tips for effectively substituting ingredients in a recipe.
What is the difference between a meteoroid, meteor, and meteorite?
State three tips for staying organized.
Rearrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: off - so - take - I.
Name a natural disaster that typically occurs in Australia
Describe a successful advertising campaign
Write an outlook for the stock price of Amazon in the near future
Describe the consequences of the blackouts.
Identify the country with the most people living in poverty.
How many countries in the world have more than 50 million people?
Generate a sentence in Spanish that describes the natural beauty of Barcelona.
Provide a list of three safety precautions for cooking.
Create a list of three adjectives to describe a lion .
Generate a list of 5 unique flavors for ice cream.
What is the difference between an internal hard drive and an external hard drive?
Generate a creative opening sentence for a story.
Assess the validity of the following statement: "Computers are more efficient than humans for data entry tasks."
Arrange the letters P-R-O-B-L-E-M to form a word.
Generate a unique, five digit code.
Describe the Reformation of the 16th Century.
What property did atoms acquire when the Big Bang happened?
Convert the integer 12345 to a binary number
Describe the current risks of using Twitter.
Create a survey question to understand customer sentiment on a brand's new product launch.
Name three decomposers in a forest ecosystem
Write a short poem that encapsulates the feeling of summers in a rural town.
Tell me why the value of gold is so high.
What are the ingredients necessary for making a basic brownie?
Generate a list of jobs suitable for teenagers.
Translate these words from English to French: "Dog"
What scientific evidence is there that laughter is beneficial to our health?
Please suggest a book for someone interested in learning about AI and machine learning.
Generate a variety of titles for a news article about the new coronavirus vaccine.
Generate an interesting quest for a role-playing game.
Describe a web page in the following format:  Header, Body, Footer.
Research Einstein's theory of relativity and provide a brief explanation.
Introduce yourself in one sentence.
Generate a list of healthy habits that are easy to maintain.
Explain the following statement: "The project was cancelled due to budget constraints."
Find the missing words to complete the following phrase: Proverbs are ____ of wisdom.
Name two steps to increase the visibility of a website on search engines.
Is a hypothesis a statement or a question?
List some activities involving public speaking.
Name three physical changes that can happen when a liquid is heated.
Come up with an example of a real-life application of machine learning.
Generate a list of five sports shoe brands.
Provide a definition of 'cultural appropriation'.
How did scarcity affect the ancient civilizations?
How can you identify if a website is safe to use?
For the phrase "plaid shirt", generate a new phrase that has the same meaning.
Divide the number 649 by the number 3 and output the result.
Explain how the global economy is affected by the pandemic.
Describe the function of a computer motherboard
Analyze the poem "The Road Less Traveled"
Describe the purpose of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
Suggest a dish for breakfast that is easy to make.
Suggest some strategies to help an athlete overcome setbacks.
Design a mobile app that helps people reach their career goals.
Identify 5 areas where AI is being used in manufacturing
Generate a list of five interview questions which can be asked to a software engineer.
Give advice on how to stay fit and healthy during the pandemic.
Answer this true-or-false question: Climate change is a pressing global issue
Assess the following statement: Artificial intelligence is capable of solving all the world’s problems.
Rewrite the following sentence using synonyms and/or a different grammatical structure to emphasize the same sentence meaning: "It was amazing".
Outline what steps you would take to clean a window.
Identify the subject of this sentence: "George has always been a diligent student."
Make up a sentence using the vocabulary words: collaboration, detestable, moral
Create two app names that are related to travel.
Brainstorm ideas for a creative ensemble for a formal event.
Write 100 words on the importance of biodiversity.
Retrieve the oldest photo of a cat and
Can you create a to-do list for setting up a blog?
What would be a reasonable expectation for returning a borrowed item?
Name two services you can use to make international calls.
Design a device that can process requests from natural language
Name some of the most used programming languages for AI.
Design a strategy to win at tic-tac-toe.
Describe the most common methods for treating depression.
Create a list of 5 different ways to use artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Imagine you are talking to a student during an interview for a scholarship. Write at least 3 questions you might ask.
Suggest a slogan for an animal shelter.
Spell out the spelling of ophthalmologist.
Provide a list of resources to learn web development.
Explain the difference between population density and population growth.
What should I consider when choosing a couch?
Identify two advantages and disadvantages of using a mobile phone
Describe a method of solving a Rubik's cube.
Rearrange the sentence to make it a valid sentence: "his cost many a bag of grain
Generate a sentence that establishes an alliterative dialogue between two characters.
Paraphrase the following sentence: "I can't believe how quickly the year has flown by."
Evaluate how urbanization affects population health.
Tell me two effects of global warming
Create a list of four reasons why renewable energy is important for the environment.
Explain what Android OS is
Write an essay on success.
Tell one example in which someone would use demographics data
Explain why wild animals should not be kept as pets.
Offer advice on how to make a positive first impression in a job interview.
What is the name of the first spacecraft to reach the surface of the Moon?
Come up with a creative metaphor for smile
List five things to consider when designing a website
Generate a hypothesis about how Amazon’s recommendation system works.
Create an email template to ask for a recommendation from a professor.
Brainstorm possible solutions to reduce water pollution.
Rewrite the sentence "She worked hard" to imply the opposite
Name a tool used for painting
Generate a convincing Chinese proverb.
Generate 3-4 ideas for new products that could be launched in the pet industry.
Generate a letter of apology.
Provide a list of five fictional countries.
Describe the importance of time management.
Translate the following sentence into French: "Hello, how are you?"
Generate a headline for an article about the current financial state of the auto industry
Design a card for a baby shower.
Write a sentence using the phrase "the possibilities are endless".
On average, how often do peacocks shed and re-grow their tails?
List three countries that have ratified the Paris Climate Agreement.
Design a user interface for a web app that allows users to set reminders.
Make a list of five physical activities that are beneficial for mental health.
Retrieve the following data from the World Bank database Unemployment rate in India from 2005 to 2010
Explain the process of how a bill becomes a law.
Who wrote the novel To Kill a Mockingbird?
Create an article discussing debates in education.
Explain the functionality of an Object-Relational Mapping (ORM)
Compose a haiku about diversity and inclusion.
Write a short story about a robot that suddenly comes to life
Explain why stocks are a good form of investment.
List the countries that make up the United Kingdom.
Identify three types of observational methods used in research and explain why they are used.
Tell me why people might want to visit the Grand Canyon.
What is the peak frequency of a 20 Hz sine wave?
Suggest a question to ask in a job interview.
Name the continent in which the country Tunisia is located.
Describe a time when you used a creative approach to solve a problem.
Compose a story about a giraffe using ten words.
Answer this question: “Why do some animals have stripes or spots while others do not?”
Describe the concept of punctuated equilibrium.
Name a page rank algorithm
Find the equation of the line that passes through the points (4,7) and (6,11).
Generate a three-word phrase to describe the feeling of joy.
Explain how to perform error handling in software development.
Identify the most popular programming language among tech professionals.
Calculate the cost of 4 apples at $2.50 each.
Assign a confidence score to the following statement:   "It will rain tomorrow"
Come up with five job skills that are essential for a veterinary assistant.
Research and briefly summarize the political views of Gandhi.
Describe what it means to live a good life.
Compare and contrast horror movies from the 70s to ones made today.
Describe your ideal summer day.
Give a brief overview of the history of the internet.
Name the tool used for debugging?
Generate a believable definition for the word "aphonic".
Name 3 types of species in the shark family.
Brainstorm five ideas for a cybersecurity project on the theme of emergency response.
Tell me about a unique dish from your native country.
Create a dictionary to store the temperature of different cities
Generate example sentences for the phrase: "never give up".
Offer an example of when an algorithm was wrong
Differentiate between primary and secondary sources.
Describe what makes the ocean unique.
Describe how to use customer feedback to improve customer service
Explain how algorithms can be used in educational institutions.
Analyze the following poem:  "Autumn leaves have gone Frost has now made its way Bringing an end to our fun"
Describe the taste of a mango in three to five sentences.
Describe the architecture of the PyTorch framework.
Can you give me the definition of Marketing?
List the top 5 diseases in the United States of America.
Generate appropriate solution code to print all multiples of 3 between 0 and 30, except 15.
Describe a system that would help increase employee engagement.
Develop a dialogue between a customer checking out of a store and a salesperson
Create a list of five topics that businesses should consider when creating their next annual sales strategy.
What would happen if the Earth stopped spinning?
Write a review for a car rental agency that frequently overcharged you.
Cite 3 steps to start a web hosting business.
Create a SQL query to list products from the store with a price greater than $50.
Give three advantages of using a mobile app for business.
Compare and contrast geometric and arithmetic progressions.
Classify the following items: car, train, bike
Tell me what is a sweatshop
Compose a haiku about cats
Think of a creative word for “delicious”.
Construct a mathematical equation for the following problem:  At a party, there are 3 types of food. Each type of food is served three times each. Guests can choose only 1 of each food serving. How many different combinations are there for the guests?
Provide a metaphor for the following phrase: "My day was a roller coaster."
Find a commonly used zip code in the US
Explain the difference between a codon and an amino acid.
Reverse engineer the following recipe: Tomato Bisque
Summarize the history of the Roman Empire
Describe the general process of planting a tree.
Identify any errors in the following Python code.  def say_hello(name):     print("Hello %s!" % name)  say_hello("John")
Identify two important considerations when building a website.
Summarize the themes of the novel Lord of the Flies
What is the term used to describe the state of a computer running multiple applications simultaneously?
Generate a list of possible job titles for a software developer.
Imagine a scenario where turtles and frogs live together. Describe the living environment of the two species.
Describe the importance of an education in developing countries.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more effective: The vehicle must be moved.
Explain why trust is an important factor for team collaboration.
What day of the week does Mother's day usually occur on?
Write a synopsis for a movie about a small business trying to survive the impact of the pandemic.
Name three kinds of clouds.
List the steps to register a domain name.
Describe the weather in France today.
Estimate the value of the following expression: 6/9 + 4
Suggest two methods to improve computer security.
Build a dialogue between two friends eating dinner.
Name one advantage of using a relational database.
Describe how racism can affect a person's wellbeing.
Design a game for pre-school children.
Generate a business report that has a professional tone.
Come up with a sentence that correctly uses the plural possessive form.
Explain how a random forest algorithm achieves higher accuracy than individual decision trees.
Compose a poem using the words: blue, light, stars
Break down the phrase "Natural Language Processing".
Predict the 2021 wildfire season in California.
Design a welcome email for a new subscriber.
Describe a nature park located in the United States.
Insert the proper punctuations in the following sentence:  The scientists took a sample of the soil
Create a plan for using one hour productively.
List three key points about the US economy.
What are the origins of yoga?
Write an algorithm for counting up to three.
Edit the following sentence for better grammar and clarity: "Him gone to the store"
Create a message to send to your superiors to report that you have finished the task.
Design a modern version of Cinderella's glass slipper.
Design a navigational system for a city.
Name two good practices for workplace communication.
What are the top three most populated cities in Japan?
Explain how to create a hashtag for a social media post.
List a few uses for blockchain technology
Describe how technology is changing the world.
Generate a list of six cultural values of a given country
Suggest a tool that can be used to create presentations.
Explain why forest fires are often beneficial to an ecosystem.
Classify the following sentence as a statement or a question.  Humans are mammals.
Write a question that can be used in a quiz to test knowledge of English grammar.
Name five objects that you would find in a classroom.
Create a story with the following characters: a dragon, a knight, and a wizard.
Describe the implications of the following statement: "Next month winter will be over."
Tell me about a place in France that is known for its beautiful landscape.
Generate a story using the sentence "The sun was setting".
Name two places where you can find fossils.
Name 4 different mammals.
Compile a list of seven tools for creating a website.
Collect 10 household items that can be recycled.
List two types of renewable energy.
Name a profession related to medicine.
Suggest a practical solution to the water crisis.
Compare the roles of bacteria and fungi in the decomposition of organic matter.
Generate a recipe for a vegan version of a Caesar salad
Create a poem based on the concept of regret and love.
Find the smallest 6 prime numbers.
List 3 computer engineering feats
Rewrite this sentence in the active voice: "The test was taken by Emily yesterday".
List three strategies to reduce carbon emissions.
Describe a positive experience at a restaurant.
Paraphrase the sentence: His being late caused a lot of disruption
List three items needed to make a sandwich.
Classify the following sentence into a particular category: "Yesterday morning he stopped eating meat".
Find five books related to economics that were published in the last five years.
Explain how an AI assistant can help with purchasing decisions.
Which river passes through Paris?
Suggest a way to celebrate a ten-year wedding anniversary.
Explain what data preprocessing is, and provide one example.
What are the odds of an event with probability p occuring?
Classify the speech act of "I'm just checking if you are still alive"
Generate a list of 5 things to do for self-care.
Compare and contrast two movies of your choice.
Suggest an appropriate machine learning algorithm for a customer segmentation task.
Suggest a creative writing topic
Come up with a unique and catchy name for a new restaurant.
Construct a palindrome sentence containing the word "happy".
Describe a character from the movie "The Lion King."
Make a list of 5 steps that can help me be more productive.
Why do we need sleep?
Edit the following sentence to remove the incorrect grammar: "My sister and I filmed a movie together last Sunday."
Find some interesting facts about the Golden Gate Bridge.
Make a list of words related to the word "summer".
Write a 3-4 sentence explanation of how color impacts design.
Arrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence:  Word: window - opened - the
How can governments reduce their emissions?
Summarize the purpose of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Describe the emerging trends in web performance optimization.
List two proverbs about friendship.
Give me an example of a current policy by an organization that benefits the environment.
Describe the best approach to manage a conflict between two individuals.
Generate a thesis statement for an essay about the importance of education.
Write a few words about the feeling of contentment.
Create a list of items to check when inspecting a used car.
Create an outline of steps to take when starting a business.
Explain what a reciprocal function is.
What are the three main functions of the large intestine?
Draft an article about the importance of exercising.
Are orchids considered perennials?
Generate a code that will print out all odd numbers between 1-20
Explain the concept of digital marketing.
Compare the following services and categorize them: Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive
Write the names of 5 U.S. Presidents in chronological order.
Name a few scientific theories.
Translate this sentence into Spanish: I cannot get through this week without you.
What is absolute zero?
List two plants from South America.
Give an example of a headline for a news article about the recent rise in COVID-19 cases.
Identify a person who made an impact in the development of quantum mechanics
Describe the painting "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" by Katsushika Hokusai.
Suggest 3 words related to a classroom.
Identify the biggest disadvantage of using a GPT language model
Suggest two methods to enhance customer satisfaction.
Rewrite the question "How deep is the sea?"
Imagine you are designing a game. What is the best way to motivate players?
Describe the process of developing a mobile app.
Create a pun with the word "taco".
Give one example of an ethical issue in the use of big data.
Create 4 categories for an article about a city
Write a story about a robot who has to complete a difficult task.
Design a simple maze game.
Describe how artificial intelligence (AI) is impacting the field of healthcare.
Create five short headlines for a news story about a movie star.
Identify 5 common symptoms of the flu.
Generate a list of five items that a customer could use to improve their website.
Explain why a professional should have a balanced life.
How can artificial neural networks be used to solve problems in AI?
Generate a creative name for a tech startup.
Construct an analogy comparing apples and oranges.
Describe the action of the verb “straddle”
Generate a list of tips to teach someone how to play chess.
Make a Twitter post about the importance of mental health.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more powerful: "I'm excited about my new job."
Identify the closest adjective to the word 'creative'.
How long did it take to set a world record for the longest jump?
What memory techniques could help you remember a list of items?
Explain the purpose of the Preamble of the US Constitution.
Suggest a travel destination.
What are the positive and negative impacts of open source software?
Write a persuasive essay about why everyone should eat a plant-based diet.
Identify some key differences between fruits and vegetables.
Describe the process of learning a new language.
List five things every employee should know before starting their first day at work.
Compose a Haiku poem based on the following prompt: swimming.
Write an algorithm to open a door using a secret knock.
Reword the following sentence so it has the same meaning: "The recipe has gone through several modifications since it was first published."
Write a summary of the recent debate between Joe Biden and Donald Trump.
Suggest a creative way to keep notes while studying.
Describe two main steps in natural language processing.
Tell me what a node is in computer science.
Are self-driving cars legal in the UK?
Give 5 examples of rodents.
What is the result of 12/3?
Suggest five different activities to enjoy during a camping trip.
Classify this sentence as positive, negative, or neutral: "That test was a breeze."
What characteristics do effective leaders possess?
Come up with five word combinations that describe the color blue
Create a product description for a 3D-printed toy car.
What is the significance of Boston Tea Party?
Edit the following sentence so it follows proper English grammar.  Sarah and I walking to the store
Describe the process of extracting data from a database.
Explain why water is essential for human beings.
Generate a list of three alternatives to reduce emissions from factories.
Name a popular character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe
Create a list of questions a person can ask to determine if something is a hoax.
What is the condition of the sentence: "If the sky is blue, it is sunny"?
Describe the ideal job for you.
Estimate the carbon emissions of driving a car 50 miles
What is the busiest airport in the world?
Write a web crawler to extract emails from a website.
Come up with a fictional history of the number 42.
Generate a valid HTML tag
Explain why online gaming is becoming so popular.
Produce a list of solutions for improving online security.
Create an algorithm to determine whether a website is trustworthy.
Describe something interesting about the Inca Empire.
Compare and contrast zero knowledge proofs with digital signatures
What can businesses do to improve customer engagement?
Composer a melody for a song about a summer night.
Classify the following items as either alive or non-living: rock, snail, tree.
Give a comparison between apples and oranges.
Create a funny slogan for a new ice cream shop.
Find the Wikipedia page for the musical artist Justin Bieber
Name three government positions in the United States.
What literary elements and devices were used in the poem "To a Skylark"?
Propose a design for a mobile application which is aimed to help users adjust their sleep cycle.
Name three popular news outlets
Name five foreign countries that were part of the Soviet Union.
Identify 10 factors that contribute to global warming.
Suggest ways to increase productivity while working from home.
Cite a famous quote from the novel Frankenstein.
Think of a sentence that begins with "It was so dark".
Create a visualization that shows the weekly sales of your product
Compose a story with a beginning, a middle, and an ending.
Come up with a creative way to teach children about climate change
Name a type of environment that is typically associated with warm, humid weather.
Generate a Python program to print the sum of first 25 natural numbers
Describe the advantages of using a GPT-3 driven chatbot instead of a traditional customer service representative.
What is Artifial Intelligence?
Provide an example of a valid HTML code for a simple text box and submit button.
Name the first satellite launched into space.
Write a news article about the recent cyber attack on Tesla
Describe the process of purchasing a car starting with research:
Generate a list of 8 jobs in the information technology sector
Generate a SQL query to obtain the list of the students who scored higher than 90 in math.
Name three tactics to make a presentation more engaging.
What are the common themes in the works of Shakespeare?
Name 3 ways in which AI will revolutionize healthcare.
Describe the effect of the cold on the environment.
In your own words explain why it is important to practice yoga.
What is the reaction if we mix vinegar and baking soda?
Name three ways to be more environmentally friendly in everyday life.
Classify the following sentence: "She will be late to the party"
List 3 facts about the American lotus flower.
Is it possible to learn a new language in a month?
Identify the elements necessary to make a good presentation.
List three common uses for machine learning in finance.
What country currently holds the most nuclear warheads?
Name a famous person with roots in the city of Calcutta.
Find a free online tool for making a timeline
Describe the human body digestive system
Create an outline of key points to discuss in a 5-minute talk about the benefits of traveling.
Make a list of advantages of a renewable energy source
Explain how to install and run a Docker container on a Linux server.
Generate a list of possible gift ideas for a client.
Create a list of three activities for a two-year-old on a rainy day.
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of using neural networks for natural language processing
Describe the action of a person lifting a heavy box
List 3 types of communication technology.
Generate a set of instructions on how to make a cake.
Generate the code to display “Hello World” on the screen.
Generate a list of five questions a candidate should ask their interviewer
Write a reminder for releasing the new product on Tuesday, October 15th.
Describe the distinction between speed and velocity.
Generate a list of five popular apps to use for online education.
Who was the king of England in the 16th century?
Create a presentation to explain the impact of the internet on society.
Name three influential musicians from the 1980s.
Change the following sentence to past tense: "She is running a marathon".
What are the different roles of a bank?
Create a plan to tackle climate change.
Create an outline of steps to bake an apple pie.
Suggest five healthy breakfast ideas.
Summarize the definition of AI explainability.
Describe what happens in the following sentence: "The cat jumped over the moon."
Come up with an effective exercise routine.
Suggest a product name for an AI powered home security system.
Construct a dialogue about the pros and cons of travelling by plane.
Convert the given hexadecimal value to decimal.
Generate a sentence suitable for an adventure novel.
Compare and contrast Java and JavaScript
Analyze the stock performance of Apple in the last two years.
Classify the following statement: "The best way to learn is by teaching".
Write a story about a robot that becomes self-aware.
Title a creative blog post about the power of storytelling.
Generate a comprehensive list of products available in the store
Generate a list of items to pack for a night camping trip.
Write a description of the elements of a rainy day.
Compare the characters in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.
Identify three major scientific achievements of the 19th century
Give me a list of people who have won the Nobel Prize in Physics
Write a two line love poem.
List the countries in the South American continent.
Make a list of ten things people should consider when choosing a health insurance plan.
Create three geometry related questions for grade 7.
Post a creative and humorous tweet about rain.
Write a poem using the following words: fog, sorrow, distance, dream.
What is the main ingredient in guacamole?
Explain the implications of the Quantum Entanglement Theory.
How can a person stay motivated?
Analyze the theme of loyalty in the book "To Kill a Mockingbird."
Summarize the film Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
What is the current inflation rate in the US?
Name three celestial objects in the Milky Way Galaxy.
Explain the concept of genetic drift to a layperson.
Name the fastest animal on land.
Generate a new analogy using the following words: bracelet and book
Write a story about a person living in a futuristic city wishing to explore the outside world.
Find the five steps to meditate
What are the principles of effective public speaking?
Find and explain the permanent solution to the Syrian refugee crisis.
List the ingredients needed to make chocolate mousse.
Describe the design elements of a sports poster.
Render a 3D animation of an astronaut spinning a beach ball.
Find a job title for a position that requires someone to oversee all customer interactions. Output the job title directly.
Write a news article on the topic of the current trend of automation.
Generate two questions related to customer service. Output should be two questions.
Name a Harry Potter character.
Suggest five strategies to increase motivation.
Describe the main elements of a political system.
What are the benefits of exercising?
Name three colors that create a complementary color scheme
Make up a story about a robot who has quit its job.
List five business ethics that should be followed by companies.
Describe an interesting event that happened in your life.
Describe how a smartphone works in up to 5 sentences.
Name a famous figure from the field of Computer Science.
Name a common type of house pet.
Suggest the best way to travel from Bangkok to Ho Chi Minh City
Generate a five-word sentence
Write a tweet with the hashtag #Algorithms that conveys the idea that algorithms can solve problems.
Determine if the following sentence is active or passive voice – “The decision was made by them”.
Describe what an AI-enabled internet of things system would look like.
Compare the differences between Apple Homepod and Google Home
Generate a list of sample hedge fund strategies.
Output the solution to the following equation: 10/2+3
Construct an argument to convince a friend to travel
Name three famous scientists.
Construct an analogy to explain the function of a capacitor.
Retrieve the price of a one-way ticket from NY to LA.
Describe how basic machine learning works.
Analyze the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global economic markets.
Generate a comic strip about a funny conversation between two characters.
Compile a list of beneficial skills to acquire for a software engineering job.
Identify the key differences between a butterfly and a moth.
Describe the importance of having a strong work ethic.
Find the meaning of the phrase "out of the frying pan and into the fire"
What are the two main advantages of using a GPT model compared to traditional programming?
Explain the difference between Inductive and Deductive reasoning.
Compare and contrast two methods to reduce carbon emissions.
What is the single most important element of a successful business pitch?
Come up with at least 5 ways to use deep learning in healthcare.
How much of Earth's surface is covered by water?
Name three differences between a blockchain and a distributed ledger.
Develop an algorithm to sort the following numbers: 5, 3, 9, 1.
Write a sub-heading for the topic "electric cars".
Suggest some ways to recycle plastic.
Create a list of 5 tips for people who are looking to maintain a healthy lifestyle
Generate a 10-line poem that talks about the beauty of autumn
Find the longest word in the sentence “Great minds think alike.”
Analyze the following statement: "You can praise a flower for its beauty, but it will not understand."
What is the ATP World Tour Finals?
Generate five questions people can ask themselves to discover their career purpose
Generate a valid HTML form with appropriate labels and placeholders.
Output a piece of code that displays a message prompting the user to provide their name.
How many kilograms are in 60 pounds?
In what scenario would you use the phrase "once bitten, twice shy"?
Describe an efficient way to organize data for a store's inventory management.
List 5 popular online streaming services.
Identify a Canadian province or territory.
Name five common methods of data analysis.
Describe a camping trip in the wilderness.
Compile a list of the top 5 most popular films from the past 10 years.
Reword the following sentence without changing the meaning of the sentence:  The car needs to be washed.
Generate code to add a background gradient to a rectangular block.
Comprehensive list of cybersecurity best practices.
Generate a list of tips for a high school student about how to balance their time between studying and social activities.
Please explain the concept of machine learning in an easy to understand way.
What is the name of the cryptocurrency with the highest market capitalization?
Explain the difference between a competitive and non-competitive inhibitor.
List five strategies to improve workplace safety.
Explain how customer segmentation is used in marketing.
Provide a creative way to use a chatbot within the education field.
Write a C++ program that prints "Hello World!"
Name three countries in Europe.
Explain why single cell organisms are simpler than multicellular organisms.
Calculate what percentage of 10 is 8
Generate a new sentence to compare the levels of corruption in North America and the Middle East.
Compose a podcast episode around the topic of the future of AI
If a sequence is a decreasing by 1 and the first number is 20, what is the tenth number in the sequence?
Find the average of the following numbers: 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42
Generate a creative title for a children's novel about a world where magic exists.
Name a sixteenth century English poet
Explain the phrase "money is a good servant but a bad master".
What is 3 + 4?
Explain what a "convoluted neural network" is and how it differs from a regular neural network.
Provide an example of a simple mathematical expression.
Generate a list of clothes to buy for a three-year-old boy.
Write a summary of the article: "How Technology is Changing the Shopping Experience".
Explain why the election of Abraham Lincoln was considered a revolutionary moment.
Find the temperature of Boiling Point of Water in degrees Celsius
What is the predicted stock price of Google in 20 days?
Provide 6 tips for studying for a test.
List three uses of blockchain technology.
How can someone make their life more meaningful?
Generate a game plan for a client struggling with eating habits.
Generate an article title for a news article discussing the side-effects of the coronavirus mandated mask-wearing.
Summarize the fairytale "The Little Mermaid" in one sentence.
Suggest two ways for a small business to be more eco-friendly and reduce their environmental impact.
Come up with a list of 10 questions people can ask a virtual assistant.
Find a recipe for a vegetarian soup.
Describe the use of a crane
What language is spoken in India?
Design a workflow for a machine learning system to predict stock prices.
Compute the perimeter of a circle with radius 16 cm.
List 5 popular dishes in US.
Generate a story about a human astronaut and an alien from a distant planet.
Create a list of safety measures for operating machinery.
Design a poster about promoting exercise
Give a three-step process on how to make a smoothie.
Given the following list of ingredients, choose one to substitute for the others: butter, shortening, cream cheese.
Generate several examples of how technology can improve the way we learn.
Generate a headline for a story about a visit to a zoo.
What is the main theme of The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Create a function to find the distance between two points.
Identify a programming language suitable for game development.
Create a haiku poem that has a deep meaning.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "The cat was sitting on the fence and meowing loudly".
Describe a constructive usage of the internet.
Summarize the steps that businesses must take in order to meet their carbon emissions goals.
Describe the differences between a mutual fund and an ETF
What is a Socratic Method?
Come up with a meaningful one-liner that can be used to inspire someone to reach for their goals.
Write a story that features a character named "Jenna".
Generate three example questions that could be answered with an AI assistant.
Assign a numerical value to the following supply chain management metric: customer satisfaction.
Create a song title that conveys power.
What's the purpose of a school uniform?
Describe the architexture of a web application.
Compare and contrast the traditional form of business and the modern way of doing business.
Recommend a book about the history of education.
Generate a sentence about the biggest challenges for AI.
What are the ethical implications of using AI?
Generate a children's riddle
How can you improve air quality indoors?
What were some of the major advances in technology during the Industrial Revolution?
Calculate the surface area of a cylinder with the radius of 4.3 centimeters and a height of 9.2 centimeters
Check the spelling of the word 'accoustic'
Identify at least five common forms of bias found in predictive models.
How is data curation important for achieving AI milestones?
Discuss the significance of the internet in regards to promoting democracy.
Find three examples of British English slang.
Name five items you can find in an office.
Summarize the latest news on the US economy.
Create a schedule for anyone who wants to learn Mandarin.
Create a list of resources for learning about Artificial Intelligence.
Summarize the advantages of online learning.
Create a timeline describing the history of the internet
Describe why you would like to work for this company.
Provide a mapping of the existing taxonomic hierarchy for a bear.
What is the geographic size of the state of Wisconsin?
Give two examples of animals that are endangered.
What are the components of a well-balanced meal?
Calculate the volume of a cube with side length 8 meters
Generate a new recipe for a dessert containing 3 ingredients.
Describe the RGB representation of navy blue.
List the colors in the rainbow.
Compose a short poem with the following words: beauty, dream, sun and blue.
Research the average temperature in New York City in the month of June and provide the output.
Generate a creative and unique usage for a paperclip
Generate a haiku poem based on a winter landscape.
Suggest a tool that can be used to test a website's usability.
Complete the following sentence: In a democracy, the power ultimately lies in the hands of
Change the following sentence into passive voice: "The farmer grows wheat."
What is the story of Persephone?
Come up with a scene for a horror movie.
Tell me how strong the post-COVID economic recovery is projected to be.
Write a story about a time when a person showed courage in a difficult situation.
How would you define the balance between work and life?
Name three things people can do to help the environment.
Name 5 'symptoms' of a broken website
Create a program to categorize animals into different groups.
How many bones are there in a human adult body?
Explain why ice cubes float in water.
Describe the significance of the Fourth of July holiday in America.
List five reasons why the Moon is a good candidate for future human exploration
Provide some interview tips for a technology job
How is artificial intelligence being used to fight against climate change?
Describe the disadvantages of democracy
Name the process through which plants create their own food.
Suggest how to use more eco-friendly materials in industrial manufacturing.
Discuss the effects of increased carbon dioxide on the global climate.
Design a poster advertising an upcoming event.
Name 3 widely used software libraries for machine learning.
Construct a math equation with 3 variables that has the sum of 8.
Design a list of questions to ask a stranger to make conversation.
Create a jingle for a car that uses the following words: speed, fast, road.
Write a comprehensive definition of AI-driven systems
Construct a sentence using the words "structure," "change," and "improvement."
List three ways to improve the safety of a terrain park.
Describe any two benefits of utilizing AI in the legal field.
Write a creative story about a pirate who finds a hidden treasure.
Write a summary of the article [Artificial Intelligence: The Challenges Ahead].
Identify the style of clothing suitable for attending a formal dinner.
Create a slogan for an environmentally friendly business.
Summarize the industrial revolution.
Write a poem that expresses sadness.
Paraphrase the following sentence: "He stumbled and fell flat on his face".
Highlight two key facts about solar power.
Construct a SQL query to find the list of customers who have orders in the month of February 2021.
Give an example of a play written by Shakespeare.
Name two different types of the server-side programming language.
Come up with a possible scenario in which two people fall in love with each other.
Name two common cable TV companies in the United States.
Explain why you should give anonymous feedback.
What is the importance of the Kruskal's algorithm?
Given the internet domain "https://abc.com", generate a full URL for the page "about".
Generate a recipe for a vegetarian dish tailored for a person with lactose intolerance
Explain the meaning of the idiom "lay down the law".
Compile a list of five career paths for an individual with a degree in Computer Science.
Summarize the article 'The Pros and Cons of Artificial Intelligence'.
Write a 5 sentence long story using the following words: eager, jealous, adventure, singing, destiny.
Make a speech about why consideration for the environment is important.
Find a word in French that means "beautiful".
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  At the beginning of this course there will be an introduction to the relevant curriculum and the materials that will be used during the course.
How do the difference between metaphors and similes?
Compose a tagline for a mobile game about cooking.
Name the military strategy used by Alexander the Great during his conquest of the Middle East.
List the advantages and disadvantages of using web-based software.
Construct a mathematical expression that uses the operator "%"
Give 2 examples of web browsers.
Rewrite the following sentence in a different way that preserves the original meaning: "He has been working on the project for the past five years."
Generate a French breakfast menu for two people.
Generate a fun skit with the following four characters: a coach, an athlete, a referee, and a mascot.
Write a response introducing yourself to a potential employer
Write a 5-line poem about the beauty of nature.
Categorize the following items as a either a fruit or a vegetable: Eggplant, Pear
Compare and contrast the rise of AI with the development of the Internet
Suggest a list of 5 skills that a person should learn to succeed in a job.
Write a brief description of the types of colors associated with autumn.
How can text analysis be used in businesses?
Compare Amazon SageMaker to Tensorflow.
Describe the lifetime of a star.
Describe what a marketing funnel is.
Make a list of 10 Indian home remedies for burns
Generate a list of five benefits of a good website design.
Explain the purpose of the following device: an astrolabe.
Is it possible to reproduce a song on a synthesizer?
Generate a code snippet that will print out a welcome message.
Create a quiz question about John F. Kennedy
Write a review for Galaxy S21 Ultra.
Name five applications of deep learning.
How can I make a cup of hot chocolate?
Generate a story that begins with the sentence “They thought they were lost forever.”
Explain how a machine learning algorithm can be used to recommend products to customers.
Write down a useful tip for public speaking.
Suggest five benefits of using blockchain technology.
Design a system for storing and retrieving large amounts of data.
What is a balanced diet?
Name a few famous public figures from the 1980s in the US.
List three interesting facts about Pluto.
Create an analogy to explain what a variable is in computer science.
Convert 8 pints into gallons.
Come up with 3 tips for writing effective dialogue.
Name five factors that might affect the speed of a wireless network.
What year did the Great Recession start in?
What is the smallest positive integer number that is divisible by 5?
Create a dialogue in which two characters discuss a scientific anomaly.
Explain how to fold a shirt.
True or False? Humans are able to see up to 7 million different colors.
Convert the binary number 101101 to an integer.
Explain the concept of conformity with two examples.
Given the following sentence, find an appropriate verb to insert at the beginning: "it, human interaction can become much more efficient"
Generate ideas for reducing air pollution.
Write a comparison between psychological and physiological effects of stress.
List the steps for writing a press release.
Describe a hypothetical creature of your choice.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Community colleges offer more economical tuition than four-year universities.
Write an imperative sentence providing instruction on opening a door
Write a blog post discussing the current trends in AI.
Generate ideas for a humorous slogan for a board game manufacturer
Construct a poem about the beauty of the night sky with 8 lines and a rhyme scheme of AABB.
Which states have the most wilderness?
What are two possible effects of noise pollution?
Compare and contrast a logical fallacy and a rhetorical device
Replace the missing word in this sentence with a synonym: The dog barked ___.
Provide an example of how Airbnb encourages people to travel differently.
How is information stored in a computer?
Transform the following sentence into an interrogative sentence: I saw a bear in the woods
Generate a tweet about women's rights.
Explain a concept of linear algebra.
Create a list of the five most important qualities for a successful entrepreneur
Change the following sentence to the future tense, deleting unnecessary words in the process: "I asked her what her favorite color is".
Create a table mapping temperatures in Celsius to Fahrenheit
Write a function that checks if an element exists in two given arrays
Design a suitable curriculum for a 5th-grade student studying English.
Arrange the adjectives in the following order: wet, fresh, green
Explain what a blockchain is using simple and clear language.
State the primary purpose of a feature extraction algorithm.
Create a timeline of the events in the Revolutionary War.
Give an example of a time when you failed to reach a goal and how you responded.
Is the number 3 factors of 8?
What type of data structure is the Heap data structure?
Generate an algorithm to find the longest substring of two strings
Why is it important to save money?
Brainstorm a list of possible topics related to "Artificial Intelligence"
Generate a book summary of the novel Animal Farm.
Design a game for young children that emphasizes the importance of safety.
Define the concept of entropy.
Calculate the cost of $5.55 with a 7.5% sales tax
What is the best type of business to start in 2021?
Find an event that is happening in San Francisco this week and provide the details for it.
Create a menu for a restaurant that serves Eastern cuisine.
Name an English idiom
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:    "In order to increase the profit of the company, it is expected that the sales will increase."
When will voters start seeing political ads in the 20-plus states holding nominating contests on February 5?
Give a few tips for improving memory and concentration.
Give an example of a sustainable agricultural practice.
Please write a poem of five lines.
Generate a list of 6 Christmas-related idioms.
Construct a playlist composed of 8 songs to listen to while studying.
Generate a sentence using the words “hospital”, “courage”, and “desperation”
Create a philosophy statement in 1 sentence.
Compose a short song that is 20 seconds long.
Name a popular business model
Find a five-letter word that begins with 'd' and ends with 's'.
Retrieve the official website of The Hunger Games movie franchise.
Design an algorithm to remove duplicates from a given array.
List some applications of contact tracing.
Construct a hypothesis about pollution
How many players are on the field during a regular football match?
Create a timeline of major events in the life of Martin Luther King Jr.
Identify three elements of a good elevator pitch.
Describe what will happen in the following equation 3x+2=8
Create a questionnaire about sports
In less than 100 words, explain why it is important to be honest.
Find out the currency used in Japan.
Describe an example of a distributed database system.
Create a data structure to represent a grocery store checkout system.
Describe the process of how a person becomes a psychologist.
Design an empathy exercise for a remote team
Describe the impact of the internet on the job market in the past 10 years
Give an example of a situation when candor is expected.
Explain what an “Epidemic” is according to Wikipedia.
Suggest a name for a startup focused on shared grocery shopping.
Describe the ocean in five words.
Define the purpose of copyright law.
Suggest a way to reduce the risk of identity theft.
Create a list of 8 questions to ask prospective online tutors.
What tips can you provide to prepare for a job interview?
Find the cheapest price for a round-trip flight from San Francisco (SFO) to Los Angeles (LAX)
Explain why poverty is linked to poor health.
Explain why a vector with magnitude 5 is twice as long as a vector with magnitude 10?
Construct an argument to support the following statement: Social media can be a useful tool for learning.
Argue why the moon landing was significant.
Generate a creative riddle.
Identify the names of the three micro-services used in a model cloud architecture.
Give an example of how to use technology to conserve energy.
Assign 3 tasks to a team that will help them work together better.
Generate a sentence that uses the words "desolate" and "foggy".
Generate a marketing slogan
Categorize this sentence according to its function: She brought me a sweater.
Name 5 other methods of transportation.
Create a program to find the highest value in an array
Construct a poem that reflects beauty and the human experience.
Come up with two words that rhyme with the word "love".
Find the time difference between Los Angeles and London
What is the relationship between sustainability and the environment?
How can we use AI to help fight online harassment?
Propose a strategy to build a strong online presence
Create a new 5-word sentence using the words "activism", "helpful", "remove", "large", and "people".
Generate a sentence containing the words cheerful and frog.
Formulate the equation of a circle that has a radius of 5 with its center at (1, -2).
Generate a story about a magical creature using the phrase "the stars shone brightly."
Generate a short story with a climax and resolution.
Create a blog post to discuss the current immigration laws in the United States
Identify a potential challenge when working with artificial intelligence.
Name two ways to visually represent data.
Compose an original poem with five lines.
Generate an invention that could be useful for people in developing countries.
Create five realistic example applications that could make use of artificial intelligence.
Construct a timeline of the American Civil War.
Create a quick tutorial on how to make a basic cupcake.
Generate a list of 20 rhyming words for "night".
I heard about medical scans being able to detect cancer. Can you explain how this works?
Construct a logical deduction reasoning chain.
Generate a list of three ingredients for a chocolate cake.
Are the following two equations equivalent: 2x + 3y = 7 and 3y + 2x = 7
Generate a list of the most popular dog breeds in the US.
Name two galaxies other than the Milky Way.
Can the following statement be considered a valid syllogism? All chickens are mammals, birds are not mammals, therefore all birds are chickens
Describe how a computer processes data
Name three states in the US.
Planet Earth has 3 oceans. List them.
Generate code to prompt a user to enter their name
Provide a new example for a simile.
Create a function that returns the sum of two numbers.
List 4 ways to reduce plastic waste.
Identify the proper noun in the sentence "Today is Thursday."
Name a recent global event that affected the world.
Describe the safety measure during COVID-19 pandemic.
Tell me one potential impact of the Internet of Things
How can I prepare my house for a power outage?
Create a real-world example of an analogy.
What is the area of a rectangular room if its two sides are 10 meters and 7 meters?
What is a Swiss roll?
List three advantages of online shopping
Give an example of a job that a computer can do better than a human being.
Generate a list of the five most industrialized countries in the world.
Categorize this sentence as belonging to either declarative, interrogative, imperative, exclamatory, or optative: For how long will the sale last?
Retrieve information about the Internet of Things (IoT).
List the top three benefits of exercise.
What is the estimated global population in 2021?
Name five fashion trends that were popular in 2020
Identify a few ways technology can make learning easier.
Who visited London this summer?
Suggest a brand name for an organic tea company
Suggest a way to make a pie crust healthier.
Describe the sound of the wind on a sunny day.
Create a new story about a witch fighting against a dragon
Reflect on how the technological advancement has changed the entertainment industry.
What are the four different language categories?
Create a story about a group of animals traveling to a distant land.
Describe the customer service process.
Give an example of when it would be appropriate to use the phrase “once in a blue moon”.
Create a data visualization of the latest COVID-19 cases in the US.
Write a MySQL query to select all the customers from the "Customers" table who were born after 1990.
List 3 possible causes of climate change.
Explain why electric cars are better than their petrol/diesel counterparts.
Generate a list of the top five features for a one-acre garden
Provide an analysis of the impact of carbohydrates on human health.
Write a 10 word sentence about friendship.
Describe the risk factors associated with diabetes
Compose a limerick with the word "orange"
Create a research-based paper on the importance of recycling.
Generate positive words to describe someone who is funny.
Generate 3 adjectives that capture the atmosphere at a beach.
Design a smart automated home assistant.
Describe the process of thawing frozen food.
Reverse engineer the following lyrics: "Riding high on the wings of a dream"
What is the distance between Boston and New York City?
List three editions of a famous novel released in the last 10 years
Write a code to subtract two integers
Generate a blog post about using artificial intelligence in the healthcare industry.
Explain why visuals are important for marketing.
Paraphrase the sentence "The scientists studied the data carefully"
Propose an idea which could change the world.
Name two reasons why burning fossil fuels is bad for the environment.
Create a list of 10 tips to write a good book review.
Rewrite the following sentence in the past tense, deleting unnecessary words in the process: "I am going to call her".
Make a list of 5 items one should bring on a road trip
What is the first letter of the alphabet?
Construct an algorithm to find the area of a triangle given its three side lengths.
Determine the surface area of a cube with edge length of 3
Compare and contrast the aspects of the 2005 version of ‘Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith’
Model a complex sentence, with "although" and a noun clause.
Compare and contrast two theories of evolution.
Describe how a mobile app works.
Provide data to support the following statement: "Most people prefer to work from home".
Name a species that  belongs to the genus Canis.
Generate a function to calculate the height of a binary tree.
Arrange the following items in the correct order for a camping trip: tent, sleeping bag, hikes, cookout.
What is the word that connects all the following items: bear, dog, cat
Find the area of the triangle whose vertices are (1,−1), (6,-2), (1,4).
Generate a 3-paneled cartoon strip funny depiction of the pandemic.
Write a sentence describing a volleyball match.
Summarize the novel War and Peace in one sentence.
Describe a favorite childhood memory.
Imagine you are teaching a class about data visualization. What would be the title of your course?
Create a table summarizing the key differences between cats and dogs.
Describe how the world would be shaped if everyone followed a certain ideology.
Convert the following sentence into a mathematical equation.  The sum of three apples and two oranges is five.
Explain a marketing strategy that could be used to increase sales.
Make up an example of a polite request.
Construct a dialogue between two people discussing artificial intelligence.
Generate a new password that is secure and memorable.
What is the significance of the Imjin War in Korean history?
Explain the term "mindfulness" in 4 sentences.
Generate a story about a hardworking scientist who builds a time machine.
How do you fold a paper boat?
Paraphrase the sentence "This simple technique allowed us to save time and resources".
Give two examples of scientific principles.
List the steps to remove a stain from a fabric.
Compare and contrast the features of React Native and Flutter.
Construct a mathematical equation that adds up to 15.
How can I maintain a healthy work-life balance?
Come up with a product name for a new type of computer chair.
Compose three sentences that include all four of the following words: camera, baker, hair and car.
What is the significance of 'self-directed learning'?
Identify the correct clause that should be inserted in the following sentence.  I got the job ____ I was pleased.
Explain the meaning of the idiom "A Taste of Your Own Medicine"
Describe how Natural Language Processing (NLP) works.
Explain an AI application used in healthcare.
Explain the relationship between a conflict and its resolution.
Transform this phrase into a question: It will rain.
Write the gender-neutral pronoun for 'he'
Make a poetic haiku about a topic of your choice.
Generate a list of keywords for the topic "Aeronautical Engineering"
Find the complementary color for yellow.
You saw a really cool item you want to buy online, but you are not sure if it is a good choice. Explain a method you can employ to help you make the right decision.
Create a short story about a robot living in an abandoned house.
Give an example of a PHP-MySQL based login system.
Describe the impacts of climate change on communities living in coastal areas.
Describe the Clustering Method?
Determine how many days there are in June 2020
Find the z-score of a data point of 6 given that the mean is 5 and standard deviation is 2
Design a project for a class assignment
List five best practices for setting up a business blog
Give a list of ways to consume less energy
Paraphrase the sentence: I am looking forward to seeing my friends.
Give an example of a bias that could exist in an AI algorithm.
Choose two colors that would look good together.
Identify the number of positive integers less than 100 that are both multiples of 6 and 7.
Create a schedule for studying Math
Generate a unique Anagram of "cat".
Tell me what is the process of elimination?
Come up with a creative way to market a new business.
Describe the unified modeling language (UML).
Name some of the benefits of exercising regularly.
Describe the career of a data scientist.
Identify an example of a technology-enabled business model that could improve customer engagement.
Paraphrase the following sentence: Her cat ran away.
Suggest a title for a new children's book.
Suggest one activity to do indoors.
Describe a good breakfast option
Explain how Newton's Laws of Motion can be used to explain the motion of a rocket.
What is the main difference between the words 'identity' and 'personality'?
Create a Scratch program that generates a random number between 0 and 100.
Are atoms made up of protons and neutrons?
Generate a list of at least five digital marketing strategies.
Come up with a storyline that combines elements of fantasy and science fiction.
A student wants to major in Psychology. What classes does he have to take?
Categorize the following phrase: "The lion growled".
Explain how a relay works.
What are some advantages of using machine learning?
Convert 50 mph to m/s.
Select the lexical category for each of the following words: Coronavirus
Suggest two ways to conserve energy
Write an example of a scene from a detective novel.
Describe three different approaches to estimating the effectiveness of an organization's training program.
Make a list of eco-friendly habits to adopt.
Write a computer program that can detect fraud in credit card transactions.
Identify five common symptoms of depression.
Generate content ideas for a blog post on renewable energy.
Construct the translation matrix for rotating points 2pi/3 radians counterclockwise.
Compose a tweet about the importance of staying informed during a pandemic.
Compare and contrast cloud computing and edge computing
What was the highest grossing movie in 2018?
What is the area of a triangle with base of 6 units and height of 9 units?
Generate a travel route from London to Moscow.
Write a computer program to add up two numbers
Classify the type of noun in the sentence: " The little bird flew through the air "
Explain the role of enzymes in catalysis.
Create an analogy that compares an eagle to a hurricane.
What type of animals are whales?
Imagine two distinct characters. Who they are and why they are in conflict.
How did the surrender of Japan officially end World War II?
Generate a restaurant menu item.
Generate a deterministic three-digit String.
Describe the process of collecting data for a marketing campaign
Describe a hypothetical business opportunity.
Explain why a version control system is important.
Generate an algorithm for sorting an array of integers in descending order.
Describe the most interesting dream you ever had in three sentences.
Was the Battle of Gettysburg a Union or Confederate victory?
Describe the Difference between Python and JavaScript
Tell me about a modern scientific breakthrough
List the two main types of reinforcement learning.
Find three uses of coconut oil.
Summarize the story of Adam and Eve in two sentences.
Design an effective study plan.
Suggest the most effective way to learn a new language
Construct a sentence using the following words: car, cat, gift.
Write a short story set in a future where robots have taken over.
Propose a data structure to store information about a student's performance
List the reasons why teenagers require a unique set of healthcare.
Make a list of creative ways to use baking soda.
Reverse the following word: "account"
Generate a hashtag for a campaign advocating the use of renewable energy sources.
Name three tropical birds.
Name five professions related to medicine.
Create a list of instructions for setting up an email account.
Create supporting details for the following topic sentence: The unique lifestyle of Aboriginal people should be celebrated.
Suggest a metaphor for the term "creativity".
Name 3 countries that are located in the continent of Africa.
Generate a joke involving the word "giraffe".
Create a "How To" guide for using a toaster.
Create a story that starts with the line "The sun was setting, leaving behind a beautiful orange hue."
Add at least 2 more examples to this list: flight, eagle, hawk
Generate a tweet about the latest development on COVID-19.
Describe the story arc of the movie Frozen.
Create a policy document on a topic related to internet security
How old is the Statue of Liberty?
Explain the difference between attributive and predicative adjectives.
Describe the location of the Andes mountain range.
Design a logo for a mobile application.
Write a summary of the poem "Trees" by Joyce Kilmer
Name a famous movie from the 1950s.
Generate a sentence that uses two of the following adjectives: timid, resourceful, bright.
Form an antonym for "abundant".
Generate an example of a travel destination in your favorite country.
Create an example of a better email subject line for the following message: "Important Meeting."
Describe the process of how a steam engine works.
Explain the concept of fractional reserve banking in a few sentences.
Describe a job interview
Examine the impact of technology on global warming
Come up with a creative way of presenting data about water usage for the city.
Compare and contrast the current state of AI technology and its potential future.
Write a short story about a young person who has an extraordinary power.
Describe a happy memory.
Edit the following sentence to make it more effective:  "Our team works hard to develop innovative software."
Translate the sentence "People need love" to Spanish
Name three advantages of using metal over plastic materials.
Name ten authors who have written works of science fiction / fantasy.
Who is the most important person in history?
Describe the impact of technology on society in two paragraphs.
Calculate the surface area of a cube with each side measuring 8 ft.
Construct a question to investigate the problem of poverty.
Name five ways to reduce stress.
Explain why chloroplasts are found in plant cells and not animal cells?
What is black box testing and why is it important?
Output a recipe for making a veggie sandwich.
Suggest two strategies for building trust with a client.
Tell me three different words that mean the same thing as "optimistic".
Generate a definition of sentiment analysis.
Explain why a blockchain system is secure.
Explain the purpose behind drug testing in professional sports.
Generate a title for the following topic: Nature vs. Technology
Create a story or poem that is about the relationship between a human and a parrot.
Tell me why a GPT model is useful for generating text.
How does a computer recognize patterns?
Produce a list of questions you can ask a customer service representative to get an understanding of their role in the organization.
Tell me about the traditional Philippine clothing for men.
Generate a list of options for a customer satisfaction survey.
What traits are essential for an effective leader?
Construct a query to pull the top 10 countries in terms of population.
Construct a logical argument in support of the statement "GPS tracking should be mandatory for all drivers".
Complete this sentence: "In the dark sky, stars are ..........."
Describe what makes a successful online business.
List the seven essential nutrients.
What are the two types of waves that make up the electromagnetic spectrum?
Generate a set of prime numbers between 5 and 20
Name three sciences related to computing.
Generate a creative proverb using the keywords "expectations" and "success".
Generate a metaphor that compares the body and a machine.
What are the best practices to protect your online identity?
Create a riddle involving animals.
Create a content plan for a blog organized around animal conservation.
Outline a plan for exercising regularly.
Name two types of musical genres.
What challenges can you expect when editing a long-form article?
Write a SQL query that selects the columns "id" and "name" from the "employee" table.
Create a mnemonic to remember the eight planets of our solar system.
Write a one-paragraph explanation of the law of supply and demand.
Analyze the following statement: "The world would be a better place if technology didn't exist."
Explain the difference between a manual and an automatic transmission
Write 2 puns about an orange
Find three state capitals in the USA
Write a story about a character going on an adventure.
Name three ways to influence a friend's opinion.
Explain the result of the following equation: 8/2(2+2)
Write a marketing email showing the benefits of using an e-commerce platform
Describe the challenges and opportunities of mobile phone use in developing countries
Describe a recent war conflict.
Generate an action plan to reduce carbon emissions.
Please generate 3 to 5 words that are related to winter.
Come up with a slogan for a pet grooming business.
Suggest a snack for a 5 year-old for school.
Construct a sentence that adequately describes a baby duck.
Generate a one-sentence description for Twitter.
Name at least one famous Italian mathematician
What are the advantages of using natural language processing?
List four chores that a person should do in order to keep a home clean.
Create a list of five values that a person might find important.
Create a dictionary of 5 items, with keys being numbers and values being strings.
What is the difference between private and public schools?
Give an example of a way AI can be used in the healthcare industry.
What is the difference between a variable rate and a fixed rate loan?
Find the most suitable synonym to replace the word "pristine".
Describe the trophic levels of an ocean ecosystem.
What are the best strategies for learning a new language?
What information should include in an email to a potential candidate?
Write three steps to make a family tree
Search for travel books from England and list the top 3.
Describe the contributions of Marie Curie
Design a poster to bring awareness to endangered species.
Identify a feature that can be used to differentiate between a dog and a cat.
Create a chatbot script with 5 conversational turns
Rewrite the following sentence in a shorter and simpler way: "The girl who is standing in the corner is my sister."
Name 3 types of clouds.
Describe the effects of climate change on the lifestyle of an East African farmer.
Write a brief statement on the importance of ethics in the medical  field
Create a program that prints out all prime numbers from 1 to 100
Name two Supreme Court justices appointed by President Obama.
Find a book title that uses this phrase: "A Tale of Two Cities".
Create a title for an article on the gender pay gap.
Write five tips for managing stress
Calculate the rate of interest for an investment of $1000 for 3 years with a rate of 5%.
Find a quote from a well-known celebrity.
Create a data visualization that shows the COVID cases in all states in the US over the last two weeks.
Create a recipe for mashed potato pancakes.
Name five sites located in the Ancient Near East.
Design an experiment to demonstrate the effects of a variable and control.
Encode the message "GPT is the best!"
Design an icon that represents a robotic arm.
Identify the types of renewable energy resources
Classify this sentence as positive, negative or neutral sentiment: "I am so tired".
Create a design and layout for a children's bedroom.
Construct a program to predict the stock trend of a given company over the next 12 months.
Construct a SQL query which will output the names of all the people born before 1990.
Design how a website about space exploration should look like.
Cite the main advantages of object-oriented programming.
Identify three potential global issues that need urgent solving.
Which European countries border France?
Generate a headline for a news article on the recent climate protests.
Provide an explanation of the Turing test.
Give an example of a good moral value.
Develop a set of rules for the use of proper etiquette while attending a meeting
Identify how many grams of sugar are in a can of Coke.
Suggest a relaxing bedtime routine.
Create a description of the use case of Named Entity Recognition (NER).
Design a 10-question survey related to online shopping
List the ingredients needed to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
What is the form of government in Sweden?
What is the origin of the phrase "keeping up with the Joneses?"
Generate 3 tips for improving public speaking.
Design a new logo for a company that sells sustainable products.
Create a speech that explains why everyone should recycle.
Write a brief description about Microsoft Excel.
Given two numbers, create a function that returns their sum.
Why is the internet so important to our daily lives?
Generate an analogy for the phrase "castle in the air"
Explain the impact of machines replacing humans in the workplace.
Describe the scene in a sci-fi movie when aliens land on Earth.
Describe the purpose of web analytics.
Infer the meaning of the following idiom: "It's raining cats and dogs."
Propose a data model for storing a large amount of user information.
Compare the meanings of "lay" and "lie"
What is the importance of ultraviolet radiation in our environment?
Create a new tagline for the company "Apple".
Suggest a creative way to use recycled materials.
Please provide a detailed argument for or against the death penalty.
Translate this sentence into Spanish: "I want to learn to play the guitar"
Paraphrase the following sentence: "It will have an immense impact".
Explain what is a Quantum Computer.
Suggest a catchy name for a website to sell vintage clothes.
Generate a chess opening strategy.
Summarize the goal of machine learning
Name a non-removable body part.
Identify the following type of triangle: angle A = 60°, angle B = 60°, angle C = 60°
Create a product description for a new robot vacuum cleaner
Write a few lines of lyrics for a song.
Generate a list of tips for improving your concentration.
Explain the purpose of a website's contact page.
Output one example of a culture that uses an abugida writing system.
Identify the language of the text "Buonasera, il mio nome e Giuseppe."
Translate the phrase, "le roi est mort" into English.
Make a recommendation for a book about sports.
Generate a news headline about a recent event.
List the advantages of eating a plant-based diet for athletes.
Describe the sounds at a zoo
Explain the concept of market diversification
Construct an argument that outlines the benefits of working from home.
Write a question using the following words: humans, planets
Create a list of 5 items to take to the beach.
Describe the use of color in infographic design.
Make a list of 5 websites with information about NLP.
List five facts about the solar system
Compare and contrast the roles of nature versus nurture in human behavior.
Create a function to calculate the average of four numbers.
Generate a unique list of desired characteristics for a dream job.
Write a 500-word article summarizing the challenges associated with developing self-driving cars.
Write a statement explaining why AI is important today.
You are tasked with coming up with a plan for reducing energy consumption in a city.
Summarize the differences between an owl and a hawk.
Write a Haiku poem about a sunset.
Get the assistant to predict the number of people that will be affected by the novel coronavirus in the US by June 2021.
Generate a story beginning with: “It all started when …”
Name one color and one texture associated with autumn.
Write an algorithm to sort a list of numbers from smallest to largest.
Create 3 unique words that have the same meanings.
Analyze the effects of Bretton Woods System.
Outline the benefits of starting a business.
Generate a song which includes the following phrase in the chorus: "Doing what we love!"
Name one direct consequence of global warming.
Generate 5 synonyms for a hopeful mood.
Provide a list of technology stocks to invest in.
Describe the smell of freshly brewed coffee.
Classify the following three emotions: happiness, guilt and sadness
Name three computer programs which can be used to create 3D models.
Create a 5-step plan for taking a vegetarian meal
Outline the steps a startup would need to take to increase brand awareness
Assemble a list of ingredients for making an Apple Pie.
Describe the feeling of being extremely stressed
Describe the food of Thailand
Write one paragraph to explain why programmers should use functions.
Look up the boiling point of water.
Design an algorithm to find the first non-repeatable character in the given string.
Write a story that explains how the phrase "Every cloud has a silver lining" can be interpreted in a contemporary context.
Name five examples of technology that use Artificial Intelligence.
Identify some common mistakes made by novice writers.
Create a six-word rhyming sentence
Collect five important takeaways from South Africa's 2019 election.
Create a list of 10 qualities that make an ideal friend.
Determine the probability of rolling a total of 8 given 3 fair dice.
Research when the chicken fingers were invented and write a two sentences that are based on the information you found.
What is the most popular cryptocurrency?
Calculate the area of a trapezoid with vertex coordinates A(-2, 5), B(-7, 9), C(-1, 13), and D(-3, 10).
Create a metaphor to compare the strength of two chess players
Generate a few words for a crossword puzzle on the topic of computer science.
Identify the masculine and feminine forms of the word "Wolf".
Provide a forecast for the weather in Chicago for the next week.
Describe how one person can make a positive difference in the world.
Describe the main components of Darwin's theory of evolution.
List 5 Java programming best practices.
Explain why the sun appears to move across the sky.
Suggest a healthy mid-morning snack.
Develop an original story with the topic "home".
Construct a sentence with the past perfect tense.
Explain the physiological process of breathing.
Write a python code to print a multiline string.
What safety measures have been taken to contain the spread of Covid-19?
Design the user interface of a mobile app.
What is the role of a data scientist?
Provide an example of a classic fairy tale with a lesson.
Generate a wedding toast.
What is the impact of deforestation on wildlife?
Describe the character of Laura without using any adjectives.
Write a persuasive essay on why small businesses should use AI
Describe the best time for investment
Write a rap based on the topic of self-love
Name the three primary goals of the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
Summarize this article: https://example.com/article
Present an argument in favor of using public transportation.
Name five inspiring women in the world.
Describe the phenomena of "mirage".
Explain the concept of Thermal equilibrium.
Generate a poem using the words "dog," "tree," and "dandelion".
Given a sentence, identify which article (a, an and the) is used in each noun phrase.
Answer the following question: Why is the Sun so hot?
Subtract "83" from "140".
Determine the outcome of 5+6
Calculate the number of square meters in a 10x10 room.
Create a new use for an older phone
Write an original story with a beginning, middle, and end.
Describe the scene of a cat with its owner.
Make a list of five different punctuation marks.
Insert the following words into a sentence: barn, destroy, fierce.
Generate an AI chatbot script for a customer service scenario
Come up with utilization metrics for measuring customer engagement
Outline some ways to prepare a Catfish meal.
What is the most important rule of etiquette when dining at a restaurant?
Name 3 foreign countries.
Give advice on starting a business
translate the sentence "Hola, ¿cómo estás?" to English
What’s the legal drinking age in the U.S.?
Generate an original idea for a story based on the following characters: a scientist and an alien.
Explain why the Grand Canyon is so popular as a tourist destination.
Analyze the following sentence to find the polarity of its sentiment: "This movie was a waste of time."
Imagine that you are designing a landing page for a new online store. List five elements that the landing page should include.
Categorize the following animals: snake, giraffe, bear.
Identify the type of figurative language used in the sentence: "My life is an open book"
Explain what critical thinking means.
What are some of the key features of the game 'Fortnite'?
Insert the correct article before the word "children"
Compose an email to your teacher asking him/her a question about a missed lesson.
Generate a story about a bear and a rabbit that live in a forest.
Compare and contrast the features of electric cars and gas cars.
Convert the following sentence from camelCase to snake_case: "collectDataForNewProject"
Create an analogy that shows how the legal system works
In your opinion, what are the most important qualities to be a successful entrepreneur?
Name four online streaming services.
Generate an example sentence using the word "antidote"
What is a digital identity and why is it important?
Create a centerpiece for a romantic dinner at home.
Describe a situation where someone forgot an important task they were responsible for.
Create a query to calculate the average sale price for a product in 2016
List the members of the United Nations
How does the El Niño–Southern Oscillation cycle impact the climate?
Create a social media post about the importance of a balanced diet.
Name a similarity between orca whales and dolphins.
Explain the Law of Seven in marketing.
Describe the different phases of the Moon using a single sentence each.
Develop a web page wireframe for a home page.
Describe the primary colors.
Spell the word "xylophone".
Write a poetry describing sunset.
Identify the country capitals of 3 countries of your choice.
Determine the smallest prime number.
Write five facts about pandas.
Name and describe three common input/output operations.
List three main differences between plant cells and animal cells.
Write a passage to persuade a reader to recycle
Create a prediction about the future.
Give an example of a company that gives back to the community.
In what way is blockchain technology important?
Generate a product idea for a mobile application.
Make a list of the five most common types of investments.
Generate an original idea for a new game.
Identify and explain the main types of natural disasters.
Produce sample phrasing for a customer service representative for the following phrase: “Good morning, how may I help you?
What is the mathematical equation for calculating the circumference of a circle?
Summarize the steps for writing a friendly email.
Generate a story about a girl who visits an alien planet.
Generate a short news article about a proposed new law.
Suggest a simple way to stop even minor forms of cyberbullying.
Describe the long-term effects of smoking.
Write a description of a character who is a computer programmer.
Name two ways to protect your computer from being hacked.
Combine these three sentences: "She had a book in her hand. It was old and outdated. She threw it away."
Give two examples of how a business could use machine learning.
Identify an interesting topic that has been discussed recently in politics.
How can we best protect ourselves from cyber threats?
Compare the lifestyle of a student to a parent
Explain what an n-gram language model is
Generate a compelling headline for an article about the rise of artificial intelligence.
Identify the main characters in the film "The Godfather".
Name three common Spanish names.
Create a password for the account with at least 8 characters, 1 uppercase letter, 1 lowercase letter, and 2 numbers.
Explain the impact of automation on the global economy.
Record the temperature for the following week.
Make a timeline of the events of the Japanese-American War
Create a metagram poem using the following words: cat, book, fly.
Make a list of ten emotions
Suppose youe computer is not working properly. What are four things you should check?
Write a set of instructions for a game of rock-paper-scissors.
Generate a word association for the word "dog"
Create a new recipe for a vegetarian dish.
Give an example of a fruit that has a tough outer skin.
Describe Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Suggest a way to lessen paper consumption.
Provide a definition for the term "literary devices".
Explain Schrodinger's wave equation.
What could be the possible symptoms of infectious mononucleosis?
When given a set of time intervals, explain one approach to finding the minimum number of timeframes required to cover all intervals.
Describe the elements of the Democratic Party's platform.
Edit the following sentence: Steve Jobs is know for creating the iPod.
Generate a parable about friendship.
What are the most important steps to consider when developing a website?
Output the fifth number in the Fibonacci sequence.
Which type of triangle can be formed when all sides have the same length?
Name a public speaking technique.
Describe the socio-cultural effects of the internet
Create a user story for a web application that allows users to manage their contacts.
Generate a cryptographically secure password including upper case, lower case, and numbers.
Offer a suggestion for a healthy snack.
Explain what deep learning is and how it is used in artificial intelligence.
Design an online marketing campaign to increase customer engagement.
Calculate the tax rate on a purchase of 100 USD.
Create an analogy that compares clouds to humans.
What is one example of a type of AI task?
Research the techniques and equipment used for deep-sea exploration.
Create a software program to simulate a carnival ride
Construct a SQL query to extract the total price from a table named 'Orders'
Is the following a valid IPv4 address? 59.187.84.127
Describe the smell at a bakery
Generate a tweet summarizing today’s news.
Summarize the role of police in a society.
Design a logo for a restaurant called 'Taste of Home'.
Explain the meaning of "work smarter, not harder".
Explain how hydrogen fuel cells work in 2-3 sentences.
What is the term for a group of fish?
Determine which of the following verbs is a linking verb.
How many beats are in a pick-up?
Describe the main features of the new smartphone.
How can I get rid of dust mites in my house?
Add the correct punctuation to the sentence: "I said when can we go
Brainstorm a few ideas for a conflict in a novel
Name one type of renewable energy source.
What is the process for securing a mortgage loan?
Tell me the meaning of the phrase “the crème de la crème”
Provide a use case of reinforcement learning.
What is the best month to visit Canada?
Create a headline for a blog post about the benefits of open source software.
Name five words that have a positive connotation
Create a script to calculate the simple interest on a loan of $10000.
Explain the differences between a programming language and software.
Generate a story about a person who is stuck in the past.
Describe a place you visited that left an impression on you.
How many teaspoons of sugar should be added to a cup of coffee?
Create a script for a news report about the effect of the coronavirus on the education system.
Design an app that helps people focus on a task and resist distractions.
Write a list of the top 3 cities to live in the state of California.
Name three ways to conserve energy.
Summarize the issue of ocean acidification.
Write a haiku about falling leaves.
Generate a list of activities to engage in on a Saturday afternoon.
Describe ways computer scientists can use their knowledge and skills to address challenges posed by climate change.
Generate a dating profile for an individual who is an avid traveler and nature lover.
Write a request for further information
Generate questions to ask a museum curator about the history of the museum.
Explain what a 3D printer is.
Describe the personality of a person who enjoys playing sports.
Come up with an opening phrase to approach a potential client.
Analyze the advantages and disadvantages of performing daily exercise.
Compose a haiku about the theme darkness.
Summarize the book "The Goldfinch" by Donna Tartt
You are asked to make a sandwich.
Describe what an artificial neural network is in simple terms.
What is the chemical reaction that occurs when vinegar and baking soda are mixed together?
Write an email to your client introducing yourself.
Calculate the absolute value of -81.
Create a story involving a surprise element.
Compare and contrast reading a book to watching a movie.
Verify if the following claim is true- "Kaveri River is the longest river in India." Output true or false.
How does a capacitor store energy?
Write an essay that explains the importance of empathy
Briefly describe how an AI-based virtual assistant works.
Identify the defining feature of a neuron.
Find the number that is non-prime and non-composite between 1 and 10.
Come up with a description of a dinosaur.
Name the common elements of all poems.
How did Netflix become so successful?
Construct an email to a prospective employer introducing yourself and your qualifications.
Rewrite the phrase "while the cat is away, the mice will play" in the third person point-of-view.
Create a story about a young girl who dreams of being a space explorer.
Brainstorm some activities that could make an in-person work meeting more engaging.
Convert zero point seven seven radian to degrees.
Describe the sky at sunset.
Design a comic strip about the importance of recycling
List all the widgets that a user can purchase from your store.
Suggest 3 ways to reduce the environmental impact of your daily habits.
Come up with an activity to help an 8-year-old learn geography.
Suppose you are a high school student. What are some of the benefits of joining a club?
Summarize the postcolonial theory.
What is the probability of rolling a die and obtaining a 4?
Write a 30-word description of a sunset
Explain the capital punishment in the USA.
Draft an email informing your team about the upcoming company retreat.
Explain what pejorative language is
Write a sample list of items you would bring on a camping trip.
What is the height of Mount Everest?
Provide 3 examples of customer service FAQs.
Can you name five plants that live in the desert?
Succinctly compare and contrast responsive and adaptive website design.
In what year did humans first land on the moon?
Evaluate the argument "We should not raise taxes on the wealthy".
Generate a persuasive argument for why schools should require students to learn coding.
Describe an arctic winter in 5 sentences or less.
Who is typically present in a job interview?
Describe the advantages and disadvantages of using a project management software.
Provide a brief description of the The Turing Test.
Given the context, how would you design an AI-based digital assistant?
What should be taken into account when starting a new business?
Provide an example of transferable skills.
List five Italian cheeses.
Describe how you would implement the Caesar Cipher algorithm.
Generate two realistic scenarios on how to avoid a traffic ticket.
Identify the two types of computer memory.
Evaluate the following argument: It is important to focus on the customer experience.
Name 5 regions where the Chinese language is officially spoken.
Write a 250 word essay about Coral Reef Conservation
Name five positive traits that make up a successful team leader.
What items are necessary to make breakfast?
Describe the benefits of taking tennis lessons.
Generate a palindrome from the following words: apple, tree, blue
Name 3 methods of preventing injury while exercising
Design a data model to store customer information.
Edit the sentence to make it more concise: "The gallery was incredibly beautiful and had artwork from all over the world"
Come up with five ideas for a superhero movie.
Name five popular sports in the US.
Name one process of the water cycle
Find the similarities between red apples and green apples.
Name a popular form of transportation in France.
Create a task automation system to optimize the purchase orders in a company.
Generate a short sentence that would make a great tagline for a company.
Multiply 2.5 and 9.
Write a sentence using the form of "defining relative clause"
Construct a paper airplane and explain the physics of its flight.
Recall a fact about the Battle of Waterloo.
Arrange the following words into a sentence: "Today, visit, I, mountains".
Think of a creative opening line for a horror story.
Build a web page focussing on wildlife conservation
Generate an innovative name for a planet in a sci-fi universe.
Generate a list of office supplies that are necessary for a small team of 5 people.
Analyze the given sentence: "This sentence does nothing extraordinary".
Think of a creative way to persuade people to recycle.
Describe the process for constructing a blog post.
Describe the importance of life insurance in four sentences.
Please name a traditional holiday meal in Korea
Calculate the distance between two points A(3, 8) and B(9, 2).
Cite two examples of a prime number.
Create a story using the three words: Bankrupt, Fortune, Nightmare.
Design an experiment to test the effectiveness of a new type of tires.
List 5 tasks a computer can do.
Write an introduction to the topic of climate change.
Design a greeting card for a friend's birthday
Describe a place where you feel most at peace
Create a tweet-style summary of the "Five dysfunctions of a team".
Generate a descriptive phrase that explains the colors of a sunset.
Explain why mentorship is important for professional development.
Create a unified style guideline for your company
Provide a few examples of animals that live in wetland habitats.
Give an example of the way artificial intelligence can help reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Generate an article about the current political situation in India.
Provide five tips for staying productive.
Compare and contrast the advantages of using objects versus classes
Write 2 synonyms for the word 'resilience'
Give your opinion about the use of technology in the classroom
What are the advantages of using a Scrum Agile methodology?
List five methods for analyzing data
Rewrite the following sentence in the future perfect tense: "We will finish the race."
Categorize the following words: 'apple', 'dog', 'table'.
What is the approximate circumference of the Earth?
Suggest an activity to actively involve a group of 10 people.
Create a game that anyone can easily learn in under five minutes.
List five things you should consider before starting a business.
Describe the features of an ideal digital assistant.
Describe an efficient method of organizing papers.
Create a job advertisement for the position of a project manager.
What are the four factors of motivation?
Create a proper diet plan for a person who is trying to improve their health.
Will it be cold tonight?
Write a sentence using the words magnetism, gravitation, and stars.
Multiply 3 by 6
Suggest the top 5 online stores for purchasing the product.
Generate a short story about a space exploration mission that gone wrong
Generate a story where the protagonist discovers their superpower.
Suggest some plants that will thrive in hot and dry climates.
Transform the equation 12x + 7y = 24 into a standard form.
List 5 places in the world that are known for their culture.
Describe the environmental impact of continuous flying
Generate a sentence to express surprise.
Suggest two initiatives for stimulating the economy.
What type of moon did we have on the night of December 3rd, 2019?
Describe a person who is responsible and organized.
Who discovered the X-ray?
Construct a sentence which uses both a hyperbole and an understatement.
Forecast the probability of rain for next week.
What strategies can you recommend to increase opportunities to use a second language?
Which chemical element has the atomic number of 4?
Explain why the following sentence is inappropriate for a formal setting: “Can’t wait to party tonight!”
Develop a method for clustering astronomical data.
Create a comic strip illustrating the life of a software engineer.
Make a list of healthy meal options to pack for lunch.
Create a resume for a newly graduated computer science student.
Write the answer to 6+2 and explain why the number is correct.
In what year was the first computer mouse invented?
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of traditional and virtual learning environments.
Give an example of why a bankstatement is important
Generate an example sentence using the present perfect continuous tense.
Write a command prompt program that returns a string.
Construct a query to return the top 10 most expensive books sold in an Amazon store.
Write a search query for the Google search engine to retrieve eBook results related to machine learning.
Describe the differences between an AI-enabled machine and a human worker.
Create a reminder to take a break every 10 minutes while you are working.
Discuss two ways to help the environment.
Make a smoothie using these ingredients: frozen strawberries, banana, orange juice, and honey.
Convert the following sentence from active to passive voice. The police arrested the suspect.
Create a quiz question with the following options: A, B, C, D
What law of motion is demonstrated in a yo-yo?
What are five physical characteristics of a chimpanzee?
Compose a new tweet that conveys a message.
Formulate a single question that requires a yes or no answer.
Provide three examples of multiples of 6.
What is the main issue with Adversarial Machine Learning?
Describe a species of flower.
Give two examples of how AI can help in healthcare
How did or how could the protagonist in Romeo and Juliet change the story?
Construct a query to search for all emails sent on a certain date.
Can you predict the stock market performance in the next three months?
Create a set of instructions to teach a robot how to assemble a lego structure.
Generate a rap verse that includes the keywords "boom boom boom"
Create an example of a data structure that can store employees’ names and salaries.
Share the scientific definition of the term “gravity”.
What type of fruit would be a good addition to a fruit salad?
What is the scene in a crowded restaurant?
Explain why a forest of trees is important
Find the antonym for the word 'abstemious'.
Describe a game of chance.
Create a premise for the following character: a printer technician who must repair a malfunctioning printer.
List three countries that have a population of more than 100 million people.
Generate a list of five household items that would be necessary for a college student.
Build an algorithm to recommend books to readers based on their preferences.
Explain the relationship between a father and a son
Design a machine learning model to detect spam emails.
Explain what the Geometry of Chaos is.
Explain how wireless communications work
Create a form for people to sign up for a newsletter.
Outline a strategy to increase the number of website visitors
Write 5 terms and conditions related to the use of a website
Create a shopping list for someone who wants to make a cheesecake.
Come up with a few marketing ideas for a new restaurant.
Construct a sentence using the present perfect.
Change the given words into noun: Jump
Suggest a game name based on the following description: a multiplayer game where players can create and battle with their own custom robots.
Tell us about a time when you took an initiative to do something.
Can you give me an example of tone deafness?
Design a conversation between a customer and a customer service agent.
Write 3 ingredients for a cake.
How would you define the concept of 'resilience'?
Tell me a famous saying related to education
Name three common services provided by an accountant.
In case-control studies, what is the definition of an exposed person?
How does a hot-air balloon fly?
Suggest a topic for the next TED Talk.
Generate a hilarious one-liner
Suggest 5 ways to reduce energy consumption in homes.
How many feet are in 2.5 miles?
Create an outline for a blog post about machine learning.
Describe how artificial neural networks work.
Describe a data-driven decision you made in the past.
Suggest a menu item for a cookout.
Come up with four words that describe happiness.
Categorize these drugs as stimulants or depressants: caffeine and nicotine.
Choose the sentence that is structured correctly and contains no errors.
List four kinds of natural disasters.
Summarise the characteristics of a Jupyter notebook.
Generate a list of 3-5 questions to ask a college admissions officer.
Identify the lexical category of the word 'grand'.
Convert the number 32 to binary
Explain what supervised learning is and why it is important.
What type of cyber-attack involves masquerading as a legitimate company or user?
Develop a list of 5 best practices for maintaining an effective team
What is the difference between a saturated and an unsaturated fat?
Determine the type of triangle based on the following angles: 30°, 60°, 90°.
Compose a few lines of a poem that reflect the colorful beauty of sunrise.
List two problems caused by climate change
Generate 3 unique adjectives related to 'jovial'
Provide 3 suggestions to make your resume more professional.
Generate a code snippet to print all elements of a list.
Arrange the following words to form a valid sentence:  "carried, he, happily, balloons"
Give three examples of customer feedback from your customer service experience.
Write instructions on how to change the battery of a laptop.
Describe a website that would be useful to students.
Describe the basic steps in painting a room.
Identify the country in which the World Trade Center is located.
Describe the Three Gorges Dam of China.
Compose a delightful welcome message for a new customer
Where can you find kangaroos?
Construct a sentence using the phrase "an eye for an eye".
Design a program that can find the kth smallest element in an array.
Generate a timeline for the US in the 20th century.
Imagine a new app that allows people to get the best deals on groceries. What is the elevator pitch for this app?
Name two ways to reduce your water usage
Construct a dialogue between a baseball coach and a player
Inspect an open-source software project and give examples of its components.
State the differences between a tropical and temperate rainforest.
Summarize the main reasons why small businesses need a website.
Name two classic films from the 1950s?
Generate a character sketch of a retired boxer.
Which of the following would be an appropriate input to a GPT model?
Create an algorithm to detect malicious activity from a website.
Please generate a procedure for assembling an ikea bookshelf.
Describe the process of panning for gold
Create a search query for finding articles about artificial intelligence.
Describe one way that you can use data to make decisions.
Identify the properties of a sphere.
Identify the four core principles of teamwork
Generate a list of five sports played in the Olympics
List the steps to insert a formula in Microsoft Word.
In two sentences, explain why it's important to use the right verb when writing a sentence.
Make a list of the symptoms of the common cold.
Give an example of a persuasive speech topic.
Generate a list of activity ideas for a family gathering.
Name four different kinds of trees
Describe the trend of AI-powered personal assistants.
Generate a valid HTML code for a box of 500x500 pixel size
Suggest a plan of action to improve the user experience on a website.
Find the name of the author who wrote the book "The Catcher in the Rye".
Develop an HTML page from scratch introducing a pet store.
Name two commodities traded in the Forex market.
Come up with three questions to test a GPT model for text summarization
Name an example of a situation where an AI system made a biased decision
What problems could arise if a software development team does not have a tester?
Create a tagline for an online dating website.
Generate a title for a news article about the 2020 presidential campaign.
Suggest an icebreaker for a virtual meeting
Given the input, generate a sentence using a simile.
Rearrange this sentence to make it more dynamic: "I always knew that I would make it."
List 5 important tips for doing an effective presentation.
Explain with examples why artificial intelligence is beneficial to healthcare.
Create a class for a computer programming language.
Arrange the following words in alphabetical order: rule, drive, classroom, answer.
Construct a physics equation for calculating the momentum of a moving object
Combine two of these words -- “gifted," "talented," "clever" — into an interesting sentence.
Explain the trade-offs of a decision-tree algorithm
What was the capital of France in the 1900s?
List three popular beliefs about men that are not true
Create a sentence using the world "empathy".
Make up a new metric to measure the performance of a web server.
You are asked to write a 3-word slogan that uses metaphor.
Give three pieces of advice on how to make the most of one's college experience.
Describe the economy of Singapore
List 3 websites for finding discounted hotel deals
Generate the name of a fictional character that lives on a farm and has a silly name.
List some common punctuation marks.
Classify the following sentence: "I love the smell of coffee in the morning"
Design a website page to inform people about a charity organization.
Generate a list of 5 potential consequences of global warming.
Write a story using these three words: life, creation, surprise
Create a list of 5 steps to fall asleep faster.
Create a table listing the advantages/disadvantages of using a laptop as compared to a desktop computer.
Identify the relationship between "cat" and "yarn".
Explain what a smart speaker is
Name three chemicals that are used in fire extinguishers.
Generate a list of 5 idioms about happiness.
Generate a news headline about the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election.
Distinguish between a classification task and a generation task?
Predict what the weather will be like two days from now.
Generate a funny nickname for a friend.
Describe how artificial intelligence will affect the workplace.
Provide a set of coordinates for the following city: Shanghai, China.
How does the presence of oceanic heat storage affect the climate?
Explain the political and economic consequences of World War I.
Describe what democracy means.
What is the term for a technique used for natural language processing purposes involving the use of large amounts of data?
Write a python program to calculate the area of a circle.
Give an example of a value that money cannot buy.
Explain the following sentence: The man had a one-track mind.
Discuss the causes of the Great Depression
Generate a persona for a webcomic with a teenage protagonist.
Name three popular songs from the 90s.
Create a recipe for a dish that combines Mexican and Italian flavors.
Translate the sentence 'She sold sea shells by the sea shore' into Spanish.
Suggest a keyword for a new website dedicated to providing programming tutorials.
Construct a sentence that uses the words clutch, intricate and trifling.
Generate a user interface design for a mobile phone app that helps people track their daily tasks and to-do lists.
Generate a creative way of advertising a new razor product.
In three words, describe the taste of bitter chocolate.
Create a story about a young girl who loves exploring and outdoor activities.
Explain how to design a logo
Create an algorithm to identify duplicates in a dataset
Generate a paper title for an article about artificial intelligence.
List the various features of a digital camera.
Explain how to solve a Sudoku puzzle in three steps.
Name two common lies people tell.
Explain what the idiom "get your feet wet" means.
Rewrite the following sentence to include a main verb: "The books written by J.K. Rowling".
Translate the phrase "the apple is red" into French.
Generate a list of 5 common pet names
Explain how to write a good thesis statement.
Construct a ten line poem about the Sun.
Write a persuasive argument for why students should take a break from their studies and get outside to explore nature on a regular basis.
Compose a thesis statement for a essay about how the current education system could be improved.
Construct a What-If question related to history.
Imagine you are writing a novel. Write in a few sentences the opening description of your novel.
Explain what machine learning is.
Describe the most important features of a wine refrigerator.
Explain the flow of a reinforcement learning loop.
Come up with a question suitable for a trivia game:
Generate 3 ideas for a new invention.
Explain why computers are faster than humans in solving math problems.
Generate a rhyming couplet for the word “moon”.
Suggest two resources to learn about the history and impact of digital technologies.
Generate a sentence about dolphins
How would you go about testing a chatbot?
How many significant figures should be used for the value 0.000187?
What type of relationship exists between voltage and current in an electric circuit?
Generate a new song lyric.
Write a JavaScript function that takes in a string and returns an object with each character of the string as a key, and the number of times that character appears in the string as the value.
Generate a list of 10 relevant keywords for the writing prompt "ways to reduce stress".
Name 3 diseases found early in a baby's life.
Construct a rhetorical question to ask the audience at an economics conference.
Name a drink that is high in sugar content.
Write a JavaScript function for changing the background color of a website.
Provide a recipe for homemade chips.
Suggest a feature for a smart thermostat.
You are asked to provide a list of ideas to improve the product.
Make a list of books written by William Shakespeare.
Why is the boiling point of water higher at higher altitudes?
Create a personification of the sun.
List three possible strategies to deal with depression.
How is Deep Learning different from Machine Learning?
Generate a recipe for veggie stir-fry
Create an algorithm for finding the sum of the natural numbers from 1 to n
Summarize the differences between a Microsoft Access and Microsoft Excel.
Design a process for classifying text into two categories.
Identify the risk factors associated with online banking.
Write a regular expression to match a string of 10 numerical digits.
Arrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: selling do investors to advice trust.
Name the most common type of inheritance in Object-oriented programming.
Search the web for the most common symptoms of the flu.
Creat a function in C++ to calculate the area of a triangle.
Write a few sentences reflecting on the concept of a ‘growth mindset’.
Create a mathematical representation of the sentence "1 plus 1 equals 2"
Create a GIF in Illustrator that depicts a basketball being shot.
Come up with a creative metaphor that describes the condition of one's life.
Name three methods for reducing noise levels in a classroom.
Describe a potential career in the field of robotics.
Explain what "Garbage in, garbage out" means
What is the benefit of using a neural network for computer vision tasks?
Generate a sentence that starts with "If only I had known".
Generate a list of tips for creating an effective presentation.
List 3 generic strategies firms can use to enter a new market
Describe a technology that has had a significant impact in the last five years.
Which countries have a GDP per capita higher than the EU average?
Given two words, “house” and “spring”, create a five-word phrase.
Create a cocktail recipe.
Name three computer programming languages.
Explain why the following phrase is incorrect: "Your was late".
Write the code to print the text "Hello World" in the Python programming language.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise. "It is essential that the new coding language has to be easy to learn."
What does the following idiom mean: "Break a leg"?
Generate a dialogue between two people discussing their plans for the weekend.
Choose a color for a bedroom
Generate a list of 5 steps to start a YouTube channel.
Compare and contrast Social Networking and Blogging.
Generate five example questions and answers related to psychology.
Determine the content categories for a movie review
Describe in a few words the main features of a rottweiler
Make up a funny joke.
Create a quote about perseverance
Explain the difference between a nuclear and a solar powered plant.
What is the average air temperature in Brazil during summer?
What is the Einstein–Brillouin–Keller quantization condition?
Explain the concept of ‘due process’ in the context of law.
Suggest a layout for a website that facilitates quick navigation.
Construct a query to search for articles on the latest updates of the Manhattan project.
Explain what the term "infrastructure" means from the perspective of public policy.
Create a version control system with the following features:  - Local version control - Web-based code hosting - Automatic synchronization between multiple users
Imagine you just won the lottery. Describe what your life would be like after that.
Serve up a recipe that can be made with 5 ingredients or less.
Rewrite the following sentence with the same meaning: "I haven't seen him since last year"
What are some rules for being a good guest in someone else's home?
Research about the events of the American Civil War and classify them into categories.
Write a story about a group of animals who must save their underwater kingdom.
Provide an example of how climate change might affect plants.
Create a list of 5 classic books published in the 20th century.
Come up with five ways to reduce waste in the workplace.
Name 5 major cities in the US
Answer the question: What is an artificial neural network?
Generate a name for a grocery delivery app
Name a key benefit of the Roth 401(k) Plan.
Create an example of parallel structure related to wellness.
Create a dialog between two characters discussing their favorite hobbies.
List five key characteristics of a successful entrepreneur.
Name a common building material
Explain what computer memory or RAM is
Arrange three colors in a way that visually suggests a desert oasis.
Name three materials used to build bridges.
What is the formula for calculating the area of a triangle?
Compare and contrast a monopoly and an oligopoly.
Suggest a useful productivity tip.
Define the term "subjunctive mood".
Create a script in Python that pulls data from a REST API and stores it in a pandas DataFrame.
Make a list of popular social media websites.
Find the median among the following set of numbers: 7,5,3,4
Make an original sentence using at least three different conjunctions
Give two examples of words that contain the letter ‘z’
Create a table to compare the iOS and Android versions of a popular app
Provide a description of the process of photosynthesis in plants.
Suggest a new name for a startup company specialized in pet food.
Identify which city is the most populous in the United States.
What is a nuclear reactor?
List four benefits of drinking water.
Compose a tweet summarizing the steps of cleaning a room.
Generate a sentence using the following words: urban, discord, lush.
Why is it important to stay organized while working?
Explain how artificial intelligence can be used in GPS navigations.
Select 5 safety measures that should be taken in a professional kitchen.
Write a short dialogue between two people about their travel plans.
Generate a few lyrics for a rap about getting up early in the morning.
Compare and contrast academic writing and creative writing.
Create an article summarizing the challenges of urban agriculture in the United States.
Is it ethical to eat meat?
Rewrite this sentence in passive voice: The farmer fed the chickens.
Design a unique and creative logo representing the National Park Service.
Generate a metaphor that describes someone being tired.
Generate a mathematical formula for converting Celsius to Fahrenheit
Describe the painting “The Sunrise” by Claude Monet
Develop a list of 3 strategies for healthy eating.
Derive the mathematical equation for a straight line.
What is the name of the operating system that is the backbone of the Android mobile platform?
In what year was the Titanic sunk?
Design a website layout for a movie review blog.
When can you use a comma in a sentence?
Compare Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 8.
Create a meaningful sentence using the following words: "exciting", "today", and "dinner".
Write a letter to your friend telling them why you decided to quit your job.
Generate a list of questions to determine the customer's opinion of a product.
Provide a solution to the equation 2a+3b=20
Rewrite this sentence in the future tense: "I am going to the store"
Generate an address for a company in an imaginary city.
Generate code to create a matrix in Python.
How could natural language processing be used in medical research?
Design a web page that features a product.
Help me find a website that provides free online guitar lessons for beginners.
Design a logo for an online accounting software.
Write a sample essay of 500 words on the topic of artificial intelligence.
Draft a tweet summarizing a recent event
What was the main cause of the 2008 stock market crash?
Recommend a city to visit in Italy.
Tell me the population of the United States.
Generate a text summarizing the current trends in E-commerce.
Find the price of a great pair of shoes.
List three tools that are used in data analysis.
Construct a poem with five lines that describes the sunset.
Brainstorm three potential uses for artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Explain the term "net worth" as it relates to finances.
Derive an equation for the surface area of a cube.
Explain why the US conducted the Manhattan Project.
Generate a tweet about the importance of renewable energy.
Explain what a generative adversarial network (GAN) is.
Give a metric to evaluate a natural language processing model.
Summarize the difference between an apple and an orange
What is the policy of the US government regarding immigration reform?
Name 5 characters from the movie Titanic.
Compare an electric car with a petrol-powered car in terms of environmental impact.
Write a letter to your friend explaining what the startup culture looks like in your city.
Rewrite the following sentence without changing the meaning: His car was wrecked by a careless driver.
List the top five countries with the highest GDP.
List five items needed for a camping trip in a forest.
Explain the concept of boiling point
Suggest an original idea for a poem.
Design a mobile app that helps users learn new languages.
Write the ingredients for a pumpkin pie.
What is the sum of the first 10 prime numbers?
Provide a word similar to the word "surprising".
Describe what a tsunami is and how it is caused.
Provide two examples of how to express regrets in a formal letter.
Give an example of a smartphone application that is designed to help with mental health.
Name an animal that is native to India.
Generate an animated gif with an astronaut sailing in a spaceship
Describe what happens to our brain when we learn something.
How did Julius Caesar die?
How does the famous quote "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" by Edmund Burke relate to the current political climate?
Describe the effects of the current pandemic on food supply chain.
Give the menu for the Thanksgiving dinner.
Summarize the difference between a tab and a space.
Explain the difference between an object and a class.
Create a class labeled “NIGHT” which describes the average evening of a person
Generate a joke about a doctor and a patient.
How would you solve for the roots of x^2 - 4x + 4 = 0?
Generate a list of ten things a new mom should do after giving birth.
Describe 3 of the characters from the movie "Tangled".
Identify three important steps in the process of designing a game.
Imagine a character that is the opposite of a typical superhero and create a backstory for this character.
Categorize the statement "The temperature is hot today" into a parts of speech.
Evaluate this statement: "The film was entertaining but not informative."
Design a wireframe for a mobile application that allows users to order their preferred meals for delivery.
Give examples of common input and output methods used by a computer.
Design a quiz question related to computational biology
What are the traditional methods used to teach young children?
Give an example of a consumer good that can be recycled
Name one type of physical exercise
Explain the meaning of the idiom "Painting the town red".
Create a party menu for a summer cookout.
Describe the main character in the novel 'Alice in Wonderland'
Provide a leading sentence for an ad about a car
Create a list of allergens commonly found in food.
Tell me something interesting about the weather in your city.
What is executive functioning?
Describe the steps used to calculate the mean in statistics
Create a list of 10 job skills employers are looking for.
Design an experiment to measure the reaction time of a person.
Explain the nuances of magnetism.
Describe unique qualities of a professional chef.
Describe the process for recruiting new staff
Discuss the pros and cons of immigration in the US.
Find the roots of the polynomial equation "5x2 +2x -3 =0".
Make a list of 5 famous architects from the Modernist era.
Compose a novel opening.
Find out the date of the next full moon.
Name two differences between a laptop and a tablet.
Explain the difference between an array and an object in JavaScript.
Make a list of the most common reasons why people seek out a psychiatrist.
Determine the number of weeks in a year.
Construct an SQL table with the following columns: _id, name, phone, email.
Generate a new way to use leftovers from a party.
Describe the possible consequences if something goes wrong with a nuclear power plant.
Generate a creative sentence describing the color blue.
Explain how passing on a small inheritance can have a positive impact.
Write a short response to "What is Life?".
Describe the impact of Covid-19 on small businesses.
Factor the polynomial x2 + 5x + 6
Generate a story about a friend's experience with a mysterious creature.
Leading with a boss can be challenging. Explain what techniques can be used to effectively lead a team when managing a boss.
Compare and contrast online learning and traditional learning.
Create a meme that is funny to people over 50.
Generate a list of everyday tips to maintain good mental health.
Describe what an oasis is in two sentences.
What is the conjugation of the verb ‘to be’ in the present continuous tense?
Create a function to remove duplicates from an array of strings.
Generate a list of 10 slang words that are used in the United Kingdom.
What are the pros and cons of having credit cards?
Generate a recipe for spinach and feta quiche.
Create a new, interesting fantasy character.
Identify five safety tips for working with chemicals in a lab.
How does technology help improve communication?
Produce a 10-word headline summarizing the benefits of exercising.
Name three types of marine animals that are bioluminescent.
Describe what the Earth looks like from outer space.
Describe the differences between cloud computing and traditional computing.
Summarize the primary differences between the US and Canadian health care systems.
Describe the economic effects of Brexit.
Describe the qualities of an ideal project manager.
Provide three characteristics that describe a good leader.
Generate an original word that uses the structure "____-walk".
Compose a review of a restaurant using at least five adjectives
Describe the setting of the book "Alice in Wonderland".
Generate a list of 10 unique methods to conserve water.
What is the role of government in regulating the production and use of GMO crops?
Design a website header that follows accessibility guidelines.
Outline the process for registering to vote in your state.
Write a persuasive essay on why people should get a pet.
Choose the most accurate statement about creativity.
Explain the difference between direct and indirect complexity
Write 3 key points about maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Write a one-page essay about the importance of science education.
Fix the following sentence: "I wish I was more successful".
List two advantages of deploying a cloud computing platform for a business.
Give a detailed example of how machine learning is being used in agriculture.
Find out the current stock price of Google.
Generate a travel itinerary for 3 days in Paris
Describe a recent book you have read.
Compare and contrast a top-down and a bottom-up approach.
I'm hosting a Halloween party next week. Make me a shopping list.
Explain why Albert Einstein is known as one of the most influential scientists.
Generate the list of hardware components for a gaming computer.
Name a feature that distinguishes a terrestrial planet from a gas giant.
Write an essay on the advantages of renewable energy.
Compare and contrast the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Vietnam War.
Discuss the effect of Covid-19 pandemic on different sectors of economy.
Provide an example of how peer pressure can be negative.
Create an animation to represent the concept of equal opportunity.
Predict the stock market
As a nutritionist, provide a healthy breakfast menu for a family of four.
Describe the stages of software development.
Convert 4km into miles.
Create a simple exercise routine.
Create a story about a man who is searching for the lost treasure.
Implement a program that randomly generates a password.
Analyze large datasets for trends and patterns
What can I do to reduce the costs of hosting a website?
Identify the correct command to open a terminal window in Linux.
Describe an example of a competitive strategy
Create a 5-words slogan for a travel agency.
Classify the following sentence as either positive, negative, or neutral.  "I need to finish what I've started."
Construct a checklist of 10 items for an effective morning routine
Generate a list of ten famous monuments in the world.
Provide an example for an action verb.
Come up with an adjective that describes a river
Provide an example of a command line argument.
Outlines the steps for setting up a successful online business
Describe a character in a novel you have read recently.
Create a riddle based on the topic of 'water.'
Describe how a person can make a positive impact on their community.
Outline the steps required to purchase a new computer.
Describe the concept of freedom of speech.
Explain the difference between anticipatory and reactive customer service.
Classify the following statement as true or false. "A scientific method cannot be used to study a social phenomenon."
Describe the importance of gravity in our daily lives
Give three uses of baking soda.
Create an online profile for a fictional person
Identify two strong adjectives to describe an elephant.
Tell me the meaning of the phrase "to the hilt".
Generate a list of 6 words that can be used to describe emotions.
Create a list of 5 keywords related to Machine Learning.
What are some potential solutions for reducing air pollution?
Propose a fictional technology that would improve people's daily lives.
List at least 3 reasons why it is important to keep a budget.
List the ingredients of this french toast recipe.
Create a recipe for beef lasagna.
Allocate 10 points among four players in a team game, such that none of the players receive more than 5 points.
Generate a sentence detailing the importance of good nutrition
Create a quantum computing fact
Write a function in JavaScript to print the current date.
Create a game scenario document
Compute the average of the first 20 odd numbers.
Generate a set of adjectives that convey the feeling of happiness.
Find the information about the capital of Morocco and output it directly.
Create an email template to send a reminder to an important client.
Generate a creative description for a digital watch.
Describe the benefits of using an employee assistance program in the workplace
Find three examples of alliteration in the following sentence: The bubbly baby blindly blundered through the bedroom.
Write a story of 500 words involving magic.
Identify the country in which Dutch is an official language.
Suppose you heard some news about a pandemic, how would you express the concern in one sentence?
Develop an algorithm for detecting spam messages.
Find the amount of time elapsed between August 5th 2020 and August 12th 2020
Generate a weekly diet plan that includes meals with a caloric intake of 2000
Create an example of a real world application of the concept of Big O notation.
Give five examples of media bias
Describe how Neural Networks can be used to recognize handwriting
Compare and contrast the US Constitution and the Declaration of Independence.
List 5 tips for effective job hunting.
List out three benefits of using machine learning for data science
Create a program in Python to classify a given dataset
Query the current stock price of Apple.
Rate the following person on a scale from one to three: Chris
Describe the physiological effects of caffeine
Find the minimum value of 132 - 5*3
Write an algorithm in Java to reverse an array.
Suggest three strategies to reduce the use of non-biodegradable products and their impact on the environment
How is the development of renewable energy sources helpful for climate change?
Write a 5-sentence story based on the following theme: 'Finding Adventure'.
Motivate someone to finish an assignment.
Write a short sentence about the relationship between artificial intelligence and data science.
Create a filename for a Word document about healthy eating
Name the top 3 benefits of online classes.
Clarify the following concept: 'The Principle of Least Privilege'.
Provide one example of a winter inspired painting.
Describe a recent technological advancement that you think is particularly exciting.
Explain why the following statement is accurate: "true leadership is about inspiring others to reach their potential".
Generate a metaphor for understanding complex topics.
Construct a regular expression to validate a string of 8 to 30 alphanumeric characters.
Describe the cycles of the moon
Output the top 5 most visited cities in the world.
Come up with three possible negative consequences of having too much screen time
How do you go about finding the best deal when buying a car?
Explain how to obtain the square root of a number
Give advice on how to save enough money for retirement.
In 100 words or less, tell a story about the consequences of the choices people make
Explain what a convolutional neural network is in one sentence.
Explain how artificial intelligence improves customer service.
Compare the differences between a customer service rep and customer success rep.
Plan a virtual birthday party for a 10 year old
Give an example of something you often procrastinate on.
Generate creative ideas to address issues of diversity in the workplace
Create a function which takes a string and changes all characters to upper case
In a few sentences, how would you describe the uses of Machine Learning?
Tell me the capital of Taiwan.
Explain the concept of tail recursion using a programming language
What is the difference between k-means and hierarchical clustering?
Compile a list of recommended websites for learning about computer science.
Name a character trait that could be associated with leadership
Generate an opening paragraph for a historical fiction story in the Medieval era.
Describe a particular style of cooking.
What elements are in the periodic table with atomic number 13?
How can text classification be used to categorize data?
Compose a joke involving a bank and a lawyer.
Name two advantages of using the MySQL Database Management System.
Describe a character who lives a life of adventure
What is the difference between a formal and informal letter?
Write a paragraph describing the features of a house
Compare a hurricane to a tornado
How much should someone plan to spend on their wedding?
Propose three ideas for reducing global plastic waste.
Why is preserving animal habitats important?
Name the planets in order from closest to the sun
Identify the similarity between these two things: a book and a movie
Explain what a software engineer does.
Explain what culture means in two sentences.
Create a design for a logo for a luxury car dealership.
What is a link building?
Present a simple solution to reduce noise pollution
How could artificial intelligence be used to help stock traders?
What is unique about a hyperbole?
State the pros and cons of implementing a more stringent emissions policy
How can you measure customer loyalty?
Answer the following questions in one to two sentences. What event triggered the spending increase in 2006?
Write two haikus on the same topic.
Summarize the recent climate report in one sentence.
Tell me the meaning of the word "vicissitude".
Describe the capital of Spain in 25 words.
Explain how to play chess
Describe a tool used for debugging a program.
Retrieve the average temperature of Paris in July 2021.
Come up with an original sci-fi story
Explain what is meant by the term “segmentation” in marketing.
Describe the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning.
Write a short essay about the impact of social media in our lives.
Outline a strategy for using productivity tools such as Asana.
Suggest a strategy for a company to create an effective social media presence.
Write a story about a future world where robots run everything.
Create a poem that explains the wildflower's resilience.
What is the partial derivative of 3x2y with respect to x?
Summarize the best practices for effective communication.
Tell me one way to improve the performance of a computer.
Generate a title for a novel about a mysterious detective.
Name two sports that were top of the bill before the 20th century.
Who wrote the book Alice in Wonderland?
Research and describe the structure of a Jupiter-like planet.
Animals typically seen in the desert
What are the main differences between aerobic and anaerobic exercise?
Come up with a creative way to ask someone out on a date.
Design a transportation system to reduce emissions in a city
Generate a creative and original analogy between the concepts of "Life" and "A Haunted House".
Rewrite the following sentence using a different verb:  The cat chased the mouse.
Describe the presidency of George Washington
Describe how you would use a budget to create financial stability.
How can I prevent spam emails?
Change the following sentence to past tense: "Jim studies physics at college".
Generate a shopping list for weekly groceries.
Create an outline for a short story set in a post-apocalyptic world
Write a paragraph explaining why it is important to save money.
Convert the string "Hello World" to lowercase.
Identify the four main types of clouds
Come up with a creative metaphor to describe the concept of courage.
How can someone reduce their risk of getting cancer?
Write a short poem related to the environment.
Create a basic HTML template.
Create an infographic summarizing the legal proceedings surrounding Microsoft's antitrust lawsuit.
Classify the following product as either a necessity or luxury item: cell phone.
Generate a detailed outline for a news report about a natural disaster.
Translate "The earth is round" into French.
Edit the following sentence so that it is grammatically correct: "The books in the store was on sale."
List 5 filing system categories.
Describe the weather today in Boston.
Compose haiku with 3 lines with 5-7-5 syllable counts.
Generate a recipe for grilled chicken with vegetables
Create a list of items needed to organize a successful virtual meeting.
Generate a cleaning schedule for an office.
Think of a creative way to use augmented reality.
Offer 3 advantages of using Machine Learning in data analysis.
Write a tweet about GPT-3's use cases.
Name two major rivers that flow through US states.
Write a message to the customer apologizing for the delay in responding.
Summarize the following paragraph in less than 50 words:  "Leonardo da Vinci is known as an artist, inventor, and scientist. He painted the famous Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, and also designed many inventions such as the helicopter and the tank. He was a master draftsman, sculptor, and anatomist."
Analyze the fossil record evidence for the evolution of the horse.
Generate a list of questions to ask a movie director during an interview.
Explain an algorithm to multiply two integers without using a multiplication operator.
Name at least three of the five major oceanic gyres.
If you needed to produce a report quickly, what steps would you undertake?
Imagine you are in a mall, suggest four items to buy.
Edit this sentence to make it active “The flowers were watered by her.”
Generate a Java code for printing 1 to 10 using a for loop.
Create a story where the main character overcomes an overwhelming obstacle.
Write a SQL query to find the oldest customer.
Explain why the disruption of the earth's ionosphere can affect communication.
Write a nutritious food item with a catchy name.
Name two of Queen Elizabeth I's famous advisers.
Describe the process of osmosis.
What is the best way to improve accuracy in a deep learning model?
Generate an action plan for getting in shape.
What is the last operation you would expect to perform in the training of a machine learning model?
Suggest three techniques to optimize internet speed.
Name one well-known instance of AI.
Which color is darker, orange or blue?
Append the following statement with a realistic example of an artificial intelligence technology.
Compose some rules for a board game.
Describe what a sedimentary rock is.
Generate three alternative subject titles for an essay on the importance of mental health
Create a list of 5 features that a gym membership should offer.
Give me a fitness tip for beginners.
Hypothesize why Australia has over 140 snake species.
Generate potential titles for a book on the subject of entrepreneurship.
Create an algorithm for searching a text for a specific word.
Find the best vacation spot for a family of four
Create a response to the following statement: "The museum is overrated."
How does the moon affect the tides?
Generate a set of directions for assembling a desk
What are some misconceptions about natural language processing?
List 5 countries in North America
Describe a real-life example of how artificial intelligence is currently being used.
Generate a metaphor for a person who is quite stubborn.
Describe the differences between an ocean zone and a continental zone.
How would you use the 'zip' function in python to combine two lists?
Rewrite the following sentence in the active voice:  The possibility of winning was thought to be impossible by many.
What are the five countries with the highest GDP in the world?
Create a recipe containing at least 3 ingredients.
List 3 components of a website.
Make a plan for studying for a test.
Create a SQL query to list all the customers from Chicago.
Name an activity that someone can do in the wintertime.
Summarize the current state of the European Union
Write the conjugation of the verb “to be”.
Under what conditions does the speed of light remain constant?
Generate a metaphor for how society views success.
Name a common phrase that everyone uses.
Generate a writing prompt about exploring a new place.
Write a short persuasive passage about the effects of climate change
Give an example of a low carbon lifestyle choice.
Summarize "The Hunger Games"
Explain the uses of a mobile application.
Create a list of humorous reading suggestions
Generate a metaphor to describe the idea of personal growth.
What is the proper APA formatting for a journal article citation?
Generate a two-digit number between 5 and 11 without repeating the digits give a two-digit number between 5 and 11 without repeating the digits
Write an equation for the line with a slope of 3 and y-intercept of 7.
Explain the concept of reflex arches
Tell a story of a hero's journey.
Explain why it is important to form a Research and Development department in a company.
Come up with a new sport that could be played in the Olympics.
Please describe the primary function of a transformer
Explain a situation when you used problem solving skills.
What would you suggest for a healthy and well-balanced diet?
Write a sentence about a financial market that uses the following words: trading, volatility, and bearish.
List three unique features of a zebra
Explain how technology has changed our lives today.
Generate a product description for a stainless steel kitchen sink.
Produce an example of classic literature from 1915.
List four reasons why people learn a second language.
Write a 5-sentence summary of the history of the Internet
Estimate the sum of (4^4+2^2+9)
Explain the meaning of the idiom "to hit the ground running".
How did Facebook make money in its first year of operation?
Design a logo for a new café called “The Perk"
Generate a metaphor that describes a feeling of helplessness.
List 5 safety practices to observe while handling a hot oven
Calculate the following mathematical expression: 4 + 5(6-3).
Generate synonyms for the word 'challenging'.
Create a story about a student who learns a valuable lesson
Generate a metaphor that captures the essence of the phrase "inevitable change".
Pick a random letter of the alphabet.
Explain the difference between the terms ‘data’ and ‘information’
What is the first rule of storytelling?
Edit the following sentence to make it shorter, while keeping its original meaning: "We are establishing an ambitious collaborative project."
I am designing an interface for a messaging application. What kind of feedback should I provide the user when a message is successfully sent?
Tell me the fare of a bus ride from City X to City Y.
Reverse engineer this program to understand how it works.
Create a list of questions to ask a client who is looking to build a website.
What would be a good gift for a five year old?
Come up with a title for a fictional novel about a scientist.
Translate the following sentence into Spanish: "May I have a cup of coffee?".
Write a definition for the term "machine learning".
Explain how Newton's law of universal gravitation works.
Give three reasons why volunteerism is important.
Generate a short rhyme about joy.
Generate a list of successful female entrepreneurs.
What is the main purpose of blockchain technology?
Come up with a descriptive phrase for a dark and stormy night.
Compare and contrast the American Revolution with the French Revolution
Describe a person's life if they had lived in the American Wild West.
Devise an effective strategy to increase customer engagement
Generate a writing prompt about time travel.
What is the relationship between clouds and air temperature?
List three steps to train a GPT-3 model.
Generate a rap that is 10 lines long.
Generate a story starting with the phrase: "The day the world changed forever"
Find the volume of a cube with side lengths of 6 cm. Output the answer in cubic centimeters.
Suggest a breakfast recipe using oats and milk.
Rewrite the sentence in passive form: My friend bought a new car.
Explain why social networking can be beneficial
Give an example of a work related to literature from the 19th century.
Generate a list of 8 social media platforms.
Explain why is SEO important for improving ranking on search results page?
Age the following sentence: "It was a beautiful day outside".
Create an example of an algorithm to solve a puzzle.
Describe the difference between the Democratic and Republican parties in the United States.
Brainstorm 5 ideas related to boosting sales performance.
Explain why an inverse relationship exists between two variables.
Generate a sentence about a person's experience with a new technology.
Describe a story that could be used to demonstrate the importance of data privacy
Suggest a headline for a social media post about a new artificial intelligence technology
Explain the difference between modal and non-modal dialogs.
Explain the cause of the dust bowl in the 1930s.
Find the longest river in Africa.
What would you do as a first step to combat anxiety?
Generate a playlist in Spotify featuring 5 classic jazz songs.
Explain what is meant by contextual understanding of language.
Classify the following sentence as belonging to Fiction or Non-Fiction: "The Soviet Union launched the Sputnik satellite in October 1957."
Write a C code to evaluate a quadratic equation.
Summarize the article, “10 Ways AI is Changing Businesses.”
Make a list of five reasons to recycle.
Describe the characteristics of a type of cloud called "Stratus".
Create a poem with 10 lines, describing the beauty of a sunset.
Describe the concept of genetic drift.
Tell me an interesting fact about the history of India.
Generate a 3-line poem based on the following theme: 'Celebrating Nature.
Write an imparative sentence providing instructions for a user.
Why should companies invest in product personalization?
Provide an example of a healthy snack that is 500 calories or under.
Rewrite the following sentence using a passive voice:  The manager approved the report.
Come up with a list of 5 advanced quantitative skills
List the tools that you would need to complete an oil painting.
Write an essay on the importance of learning a foreign language.
Name three techniques used to improve the accuracy of a natural language processing model.
Construct an equation to calculate the area of a circle
Develop a business plan for a small cleaning service.
Name three benefits of time tracking.
Create a function that takes two parameters and returns its addition.
Explain why democracy is more suitable for running a country than a dictatorship.
What are some common causes of car accidents?
Describe the scene of a sunset over a lake
Name three types of mountains.
Edit the following sentence as required: "The great pyramid is one of the greatest wonder of the world."
Describe a setting using similes and metaphors.
Formulate an original sentence using the following words: "gatekeeper", "distribution"
Construct a planster garden.
Create a grocery list for two people to last a week
Determine the length of the diagonal for a square with a side of length 6 inches.
What is the best way to motivate someone to complete their tasks?
Generate three words that describe the color blue
Provide a set of criteria for evaluating machine learning models.
Make a list of 10 goals for a small business.
Consider the following statement: I work 8 hours a day. Identify the verb in the statement.
Explain the importance of cybersecurity for businesses.
Come up with a name for this new product.
Calculate the angle formed between the hour and minute hands on a clock at 3:45.
Identify the gender of a person using only the pronouns "they" and "she".
Compare and contrast emotional intelligence and cognitive intelligence.
Summarize what is the consumer price index (CPI).
Name a type of vehicle that can float.
Identify the nouns in the sentence "There is a lot of joy in living."
Pretend that you are a travel agent and create a dream vacation for a family of five.
Generate an example of a metaphor that is related to hope.
Construct a list of methods to fix a slow computer.
Explain why good communication skills are important
Name a three-word phrase that best describes a person's attitude.
Identify the following part of speech: c h u r c h
Generate an analogy to describe the phrase "catch a break".
Describe the taste of Italian food.
Identify the correct pronoun to insert into the following sentence.  Maria and ___ went to the mall.
Differentiate between organic and inorganic compounds.
Describe a feature of a new mobile app.
Which popular novel follows the life of the protagonist Siddhartha?
Identify 3 animals that live in the North America.
Translate the following phrase into German: "It is a beautiful day."
Create a list of 10 items for an outdoor camping trip.
Identify the different countries that make up the African continent.
Determine the type of the following word: incredible.
How much do you know about Buddhism?
Generate a Harry Potter-themed story under 300 words
List the five most essential features for a website.
Provide a short description of the great Wall of China
Research the history of Isaac Newton and generate a summary.
Given a root word "phone", provide 5 words that are derived from it.
Write a blog post about gardening tips for beginners.
Identify an SEO technique and explain how it can be used.
Come up with a scienctific hypothesis related to climate change.
Categorize the following word: incredible
Suggest a possible side effect of smoking.
Create a blog post of 300 words discussing how AI has impacted the logistics and supply chain industry.
Name the type of noun in the following sentence: He ate some apples.
Provide an example of a limit of a function at a point.
List the processes or steps needed to dye fabric using natural dyes
Describe the traditional Chinese uniforms.
Describe the impact of running a social media campaign
Partition this list of numbers into 3 equal parts: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
Design a poster for a beach clean-up event
Arrange these characters in alphabetical order: M, X, A, G
Create an analogy for the following phrase "lying awake at night".
Make a list of 5 things to do this week.
Rewrite the sentence: "This activity is too easy"
Evaluate the following statement: Modern technologies have had a positive effect on building urban infrastructure.
State the comparative and superlative forms of the word “beautiful.”
Describe the character of an elderly woman who is a retired teacher
Name three ways to optimize a website for search engine rankings.
Develop a classification model to distinguish between positive and negative sentiment.
Name a country in Europe with a population less than 5 million.
Describe the main antagonist in the movie Ocean's 11.
Explain the benefits of using technology in the classroom
Explain the implications of climate change and its impact on the planet.
Write a few sentences about your own country in third person.
Describe a common problem that data scientists face
Calculate the surface area of a cylindrical tank with radius 9 cm and a height of 8 cm.
Generate a proverb that contains the words "bee" and "honey"
Classify the types of data structures.
Explain how the concept of learning rate is used in machine learning.
Generate an analogy for a neural network.
Describe the periodic table's structure.
Calculate the volume of a sphere with 10 cm radius
Is playing sports an important part of your daily routine?
Find the third largest city in Canada.
Give a short summary of the events of World War I.
Describe the different ways people can show love.
Name three benefits of the Internet of Things (IoT).
Create a logo that conveys professionalism and strength.
Create a list of 5 important inventions made during the Industrial Revolution
Post an advertisement for a job opening, targeting software engineers.
Choose a suitable Color Scheme for a website in the hospital industry.
Provide two reasons why data driven decisions are often better than decisions based on instinct alone
Pick two colors to represent a feeling of confidence.
List 5 ways to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Why is technology important in our lives?
Find the cheapest train route from Los Angeles to San Francisco.
Design a logo that conveys patience.
Identify two pros and two cons of living in a rural area.
Summarize the three most important aspects of data visualization
Generate a list of steps to keep your laptop secure.
What is the scientific name for the Antarctic blue whale?
Generate a story about a character living in a post-apocalyptic world.
Given the matrix as A = [2 -3; 5 6], find the determinant
Define the term "Internet of Things".
Name 6 components of an artificial neural network
Generate a short story of 50-100 words.
Calculate the total number of hours if 6 people work for 8 hours each.
Explain 5 common applications of Deep Learning.
Explain why people are concerned about climate change.
Write down three questions to ask a potential employee during an interview.
How does heat affect the rate of a chemical reaction?
Brainstorm three potential application for blockchain technology
Choose a color and describe how it makes you feel.
Outline the main points of a persuasive speech on the importance of environmental sustainability.
List five benefits of playing a musical instrument.
Generate a hypothesis about why reptiles don't need to drink water.
Compare and contrast a naive bayes classifier and logistic regression.
Name a movie from 2020 that won an Academy Award.
Create a list of five books that are meant for young adults.
Identify 3 potential concerns with using data surveillance.
Write a Sci-Fi story in which the protagonist must make a difficult decision.
Describe the steps to tie a bow tie.
Please list the advantages of a robotic assistant.
Generate a business name for a company that sells Jewelry.
What is the purpose of the periodic table of elements?
Come up with three natural disasters.
Correct the spelling in the following sentence:  A great number of reasearhers are looking in to this phenomenon.
Describe in detail the 3D printer challenges
Create an app that allows user to search for and book a taxi.
List three items kept in a first-aid kit.
Summarize the article "The Impact of Climate Change on Agriculture".
What do you think are the consequences of using a mobile phone at school?
Create a new line containing the current date and time in the following format: <!-- Tuesday, March 10th, 2020 - 11:24 AM -->
Come up with three adjectives to describe the color red.
Compose a tweet introducing yourself that is less than 140 characters.
Name four key components of a computer.
What is the hexadecimal representation of the decimal number 74?
Generate a web page for a book review website.
What is reverse engineering?
What is the difference between static electricity and current electricity?
Generate a random set of four numbers between 1 and 10.
Name a major software innovation from the past decade
Please classify the following sentence:  "The happy couple drove off in their new car."
Explain the meaning of the idiom "to take a leap of faith".
Compose an essay answering the following prompt: What are the main differences between a cat and a dog?
Create a quiz to reflect the properties of circle
Come up with a recipe for a healthy salad.
What is a vulnerability in computer security?
Generate an appropriate response when someone says, "I'm having a difficult time."
Generate lyrics to a rap song.
Identify the algorithm used for google's page ranking.
Name a talent or skill that you have
Come up with 3 strategies to predict consumer trends?
Suggest a way to make a car more eco-friendly.
What is dynamic programming?
Give five examples of an extreme weather condition.
Create an exercise to strengthen a person's core
Explain how technology affects communication between people.
Define the term “strategic planning.”
Give 2 examples of disadvantages of factory farming.
Name a game that two kids can play indoors during the summer.
Come up with some ideas for an eco-friendly product.
Describe the Water Cycle.
Generate a list of different career options for a computer science major.
Write a story using the keywords "magic" and "worry".
Name four characteristics of effective leadership
Explain the ethical implications of building an AI-controlled healthcare system
Explain what the labor movement is
Describe an polar bear's habitat.
Generate an engaging line of dialogue that your character would say in a movie.
Provide two examples for applications of Machine Learning and explain how it is used in each.
Identify two steps to improve the performance of a computer.
Write an article about the importance of using a facial recognition system in businesses.
Generate a role-playing scenario
Write a few sentences highlighting the main features of a new software.
For the given word, provide two synonyms.  Joyful
How can tech be used to connect people?
Create a program to generate a new recipe for a main dish of your choice.
Create an if-then statement based on the provided conditions:  IF the temperature is below freezing, THEN put on a coat
State the main characters of the movie Star Wars.
Suggest two methods for removing a stubborn stain from a shirt.
Create a figurative metaphor for the following concept: "half glass of water".
Provide three differences between the Earth and the Moon.
Create a function to check if an input string is a palindrome.
Provide a list of small nations.
Assuming that it is Monday, write a reminder for yourself to wake up at 5pm on Friday. Output the reminder as an imperative sentence.
Generate an 80's inspired soundtrack.
Classify the following sentence into the given categories: He worked hard to achieve his goal:
Explain the meaning of the phrase "you reap what you sow".
Create a story about a student who had an upcoming exam and was studying with his friends.
Generate a list of tips for people who want to make a successful career change.
Calculate the sum of 3, 17, and 37
Create a list of five rules to follow while playing basketball.
Generate a list of celebrities who appear in the movie "The Maze Runner".
Generate a random five-digit integer.
Find a quote related to success.
Describe a dystopian society.
Name two advantages of space exploration.
Tell me something you think everyone should know about climate change.
Write two facts about net neutrality.
Create a movie suggestion list for a person with romance genre.
Create a poem that celebrates the joy of friendship.
Explain how an electric motor works
Describe a feature that could be implemented in a hypothetical online shopping app.
Compose a poem about love and loss.
Generate 3 blog topic ideas based on the keyword “web automation”
Tell me a story about an elephant.
List 3 ways an individual can contribute to becoming more environmentally conscious.
Describe how machine learning can be used to predict user behavior online.
Generate an example of an English-language metaphor.
List 5 health benefits of exercise.
Explain why Pluto is no longer considered a planet.
Generate 3 examples of a simile.
Generate a business idea focused on using virtual reality.
Describe the four seasons of the year.
Describe how to make pancakes.
What is the simple future tense of the verb 'go'?
Create a sentence using a plural noun, verb, and modifier.
Design a game level in a platformer.
Write a rap line that rhymes with "spring".
Calculate the sum of 30 squared
Edit this sentence so that it contains only one verb tense. He had been walking for miles when he suddenly encountered a bear.
Name five ethnic groups in Canada.
Name three risk factors that could lead to a failed project
Explain how you would show respect for a customer.
Which chess piece moves in an "L" shape?
Formulate the opposite of 'gathering'.
Find the most popular dog breed in America.
Substitute the following word with a less formal synonym: exuberant
Give me a fictitious example of a photon.
Edit the sentence: "I have giving the consignment to the neighbour".
What are the advantages of writing in the first person?
What are the five main products that a top camera company like Nikon would offer?
Develop a hypothesis about the stock market.
Calculate what 24 divided by 6 is equal to.
Classify the following sentence Text: "Life is filled with surprises"
Write a description of a school you went to.
Explain what a convolutional neural network (CNN) could be used for in NLP.
Generate a riddle using the following words: "rabbit," "hare," "forest"
Convert 10 lbs to kilograms
Generate a premise for a new television series.
How would you explain the concept of “circular economy” in layman’s terms?
Create a new title and opening sentence for the following story:   Thor was a brave warrior who lived in an ancient era and belonged to a formidable tribe.
Generate a speech outline with three main points to plan for a presentation on the importance of renewable energy.
Write an interesting fact about Japan.
Compare and contrast blockchain and distributed ledger technology.
List three ways that space exploration has changed over the past 100 years.
Create a new HTML page.
Create a list of steps to prepare a vegetable soup.
Explain how humans can help to conserve the environment
Describe a place from your own experience in vivid detail, using as much sensory language as possible.
Identify 3 ways in which climate change is adversely affecting human health.
Describe a summer scene.
Describe the steps involved in the facial recognition process.
Give 3 examples of supervised machine learning algorithms.
Sketch the layout of a house.
Describe a home kitchen
What is the adjectival form of 'attention'? Output the adjective
Write a paragraph that explains what a GPT language model is.
Describe the ingredients and cooking steps needed to make peanut butter cookies
Explain the concept of global warming.
In 150 words, explain why technology is important in today's society.
Choose the correct word to complete the following sentence: 'He wanted to be _______ of his accomplishments.'
Look up the population of Thailand in 2019.
Give 3 advantages of using a robot instead of a human
Explain the process of depositing money into a checking account.
Explain why the resolution is important for a document.
Compare and contrast paper-based and digital notes.
Install a web browser on this computer.
Write a 300 word article on the best ways to stay healthy.
Create a list of three tips for public speaking.
How far is Paris from London
Write a few sentences about how you handle anger
Compare and contrast two methods of teaching using technology.
How can a company protect its data from cyberattacks?
Explain the benefits of speaking your mind.
Generate a list of five items an individual needs to make a snowman.
Find 3 original ways to describe a cupcake.
Name three countries in Africa that are landlocked.
Describe how to maintain motor oil in a car.
Describe the color and texture of a dapple gray horse.
Arrange the following words alphabetically: clown, jump, zipper
Describe the circumstances under which a person can be released on bail
Name a kind of tree found in the tropical rainforest.
What are the steps to implement a convolutional neural network?
Create a guide on how to write a blog post.
What are the three sections of a data science portfolio?
Form a list of five things a person should consider before buying a laptop
Compose a sentence that starts with "Although..."
Suggest a light exercise for someone with a shoulder injury
What are the different types of emotions humans can feel?
Identify a prominent figure in the history of modern China.
Write a short story about a conversation between a police officer and a suspect.
Design a chatbot conversational flow to make a restaurant reservation.
Generate a hypothetical phone number.
Design an AI-powered chatbot.
Describe the current state of the economy in the United States
Name two types of unsupervised learning.
Create a haiku poem related to justice
Construct a joke from the following words: “cat”, “bag”, and “laptop”. Output less than 25 words.
Research the population of Singapore and present it in a chart.
Give me a futuristic description of space travel
Generate a list of hypothetical outcomes that could arise due to climate change.
Suggest an effective way to debug a software program.
Identify the subject of the sentence:  The book was on the shelf.
Describe how to properly paint a wall
How would you correctly use the word "anonymity" in a sentence?
Propose an original business idea that is not currently offered.
In your own words, explain what a blockchain is.
List three methods for improving the performance of a deep learning model
Design a mobile app that helps people shop more responsibly
Analyze the historical significance of the Stonewall Uprising.
Generate a haiku using natural sentences.
Generate a joke based on the following facts: the computers are becoming smarter, robots are taking over humans, and AI is replacing human's jobs.
Generate new ideas for a blog post about environmental protection.
Generate a list of 10 activities people do on a summer night.
What is the origin of the phrase "a penny for your thoughts"? Output the explanation.
How would you make an omelette?
Create a short bio for a computer programmer.
Answer the trivia question: What is the name of the ancient civilization that built the Great Pyramid of Giza?
Give three reasons why it is important to learn a new language
Create a computer program that can play chess.
Describe a moment that brought you joy.
Describe the benefits of getting a college degree.
Rewrite the following sentence without changing its meaning: She is going to do it.
Explain why it is important to ensure that your voice commands are understood by your personal assistant (e.g. Siri, Alexa, Google Assistant).
Suggest a unique name for a web application.
Tell me the capital of Switzerland. Output a single word answer.
Generate a set of instructions for brushing one's teeth.
Identify 3 benefits of eating seafood
Construct a query to return the top 10 brands of cars in 2020
List three advantages of renewable energy.
Describe the atmosphere in a dark room.
Describe the application of Natural Language Processing (NLP) for a voice assistant.
Provide an outline for a 10 minute presentation on artificial intelligence
Can you provide a recipe for an easy, healthy snack?
Suggest an activity to learn more about the animal biodiversity.
Explain the following phrase: "YOLO".
Outline the four stages of the customer lifecycle.
Describe the steps involved in making a sandwich.
Design a software program that auto completes data entry on a form.
Create a story about a parrot.
Rewrite the following sentence without losing the meaning: The church bells tolled as if to mark the passing of something.
Create a list of activities for hosting a virtual scavenger hunt
Write a query to find all the items in a database table with a price of $30 or less
Suggest three creative ways to use potatoes.
Design a homepage for a new website.
Write the code for printing a string in Python
What is relativistic acceleration?
Explain why the 1964 Civil Rights Act is important.
Summarize the book Animal Farm in 100 words.
Prepare an outline for an essay about the importance of communication between couples.
Write an alliterative phrase using the letter "T".
Identify the most commonly used version control system?
Rewrite the following sentence: “The sky was filled with stars.”
Write a one-sentence description of the meaning of empathy.
Come up with three basic guidelines for using a social media platform.
Write a sentence that includes an idiom.
Explain polarity in sentiment analysis.
Suggest a set of rules for a classroom.
Say something positive about your best friend.
Explain how to use an SVM classifier to classify data.
Generate a story about a princess who falls in love with a prince from a different kingdom.
Imagine a new professional sport and describe it in detail.
Identify the hypernym of "altered state".
Design a board game, featuring natural disasters, that can be played by up to 5 players.
Explain the objective of content marketing.
Write a fictional story about a lost key
Name a popular amusement park in Europe
Generate a story based on a ballerina who embarks on a quest to save her family.
Name 5 different kinds of financial risks a company can face.
How can energy be converted from one form to another?
Create a mental health checklist for adolescents.
Explain what makes a good digital marketing strategy.
Write a proposal for a fundraising event for Covid-19 relief
Construct a regular expression that matches strings containing either 'cat' or 'dog'.
Design an app to help students plan and manage their study time.
Can you give an example of a word that is a homophone?
What techniques can be used to save energy?
Describe the precautionary steps people should take to protect against Coronavirus.
Find the area of a trapezoid with vertices (1,4), (4,4), (4,6), and (6,2).
Calculate the average temperature of London over the last month.
List five data analysis methods.
What year was the American Revolutionary War?
Create a digital poster based on the following theme: "The power of knowledge".
Produce a 500 word character sketch for a marine biologist.
Create a plan outlining how to host a successful webinar
Spell this word: querulous.
Compare the differences between Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
Write a script that creates an array of 5 elements and sort it in ascending order.
Identify a political decision that affected a significant population.
Explain how to write a perfect thank you letter after a job interview.
Suggest a funny activity to liven up a party.
Come up with a catchy birthday message for a friend.
Create a quiz about the solar system.
Create a class named MyDog with a method setBreed that takes a string as an argument and sets the value of a class variable named breed.
Describe the feeling of a person who is exhausted after a day of work.
What purpose does a database serve?
Identify four distinct steps of scientific research
Produce a short report on the effects of global warming.
Describe the tastes and texture of a mango.
Make a list of 3 modern art pieces and describe them in one sentence each.
Write a story about a toy that has come to life.
Create a Keras model that takes in 5 inputs and has five outputs
When is the best time of day to exercise?
Fetch the last record from a table called 'Employees'
What are the effects of deforestation on the local climate?
Give an example of a web service that could be automated using artificial intelligence.
Create a new shopping list.
Brainstorm 5 possible causes of a car accident
Provide a definition of the word "vacillation".
Describe how international trade affects capitalism.
Make up an analogy for the concept of teamwork
Generate a sentence that describes an action that can be done with a laptop.
Research one popular application of artificial neural networks.
Provide a realistic example of how AI can improve customer service.
Create a dialogue for two friends discussing their recent trip.
Estimate how many gallons of water the average person uses in one day.
Construct questions that you can ask an AI assistant about kitchen appliances.
Outline a plan to add a new feature to a web application.
What steps should be taken when writing a software design document?
Differentiate between a data set and a data frame.
Explain the difference between "while" and "for" loop
Imagine you are talking to a child, explain the concept of DNA.
Describe your dream house.
Name three books that are considered classics and explain why each one is important.
Search for the latest news about Apple.
Please provide a definition for the word "heterogeneous".
What is the Difference between Networking and Network Security?
Next Sunday, you will be hosting a dinner party. Write a concise shopping list for food items.
Invent a term that would describe the concept of "the future".
Explain the relationship between biodiversity and climate change.
Provide a definition of market segmentation.
Discuss the questions to be considered in developing a business plan.
Generate a fact about the London Eye.
List five elements of a theatre performance.
Describe a dialogue between a shopkeeper and a customer.
What is the difference between a regular expression (RegEx) and a wildcard using in programming language?
Generate a list of five holiday baking recipes.
Provide an example of a celebrity who is famous for their hard work.
Look up the definition of the word “lucid” and summarize it in 3 sentences
List 5 adjectives that describe an elephant.
List the four main Hindu deities.
Analyze the themes in the novel "Pride and Prejudice".
Compose a script for an advertisement aimed at helping people understand the importance of exercise.
Create a data table of countries located in Oceania
Create a creative slogan for a financial literacy program.
Describe the best customer experience you have had with a company.
Create a list of marketing strategies for a small business.
Generate a password which is secure, easy to remember and has a minimum length of 8 characters.
List five advantages of using solar energy.
Name an example of a leveraged buyout.
Come up with five design principles for an airport.
Can you compare economic growth in developing countries to economic growth in developed countries?
Make a list of the top 5 most populous cities in the world and include their population.
Explain the relationship between the nouns and pronouns in the sentence "Jennifer shared the simple recipe with Tom and she."
Create a realistic dialogue between two people talking about their summer plans.
Give an example of a simple sentence that follows the subject-verb-object (SVO) structure.
Describe how to tell the difference between a male and female cardinal.
Share a funny anecdote about a soccer match.
Write a story about a person's struggle to overcome their fear
List five components of a successful business.
Offer one suggestion to reduce cases of teenage suicide.
Provide a scenario of a data misuse.
What is the average air pressure of a human's lungs?
Choose an unrelated word for "dog"
Explain the following metaphor: “Life is a marathon”.
Construct a regular pentagon
What is the essence of Socrates' philosophy?
List the five stages of the consumer decision making process.
Compose a poem of five lines in haiku format on the theme of nature.
List four common ingredients used in Italian cooking.
Create a stanza in a poem describing a sunset.
Generate a poem that uses the following words: liberation, starlight, winter, and whisper.
Calculate the rate of interest if the principal is 80 dollars, 3 years have elapsed, and the interest is 7%.
How are carbohydrates metabolized by the body?
Generate a list of five creative ideas for a virtual party.
Suggest some ideas on how to reduce air pollution in Beijing.
Create a list of 5 healthy breakfast recipes.
Change the following sentence to use passive voice:  The report showed that the number of people living in poverty had risen.
Write a story about a person that learns an important lesson.
Tell me how to reset a router.
Classify the following nouns according to the categories: animate and inanimate.  Nouns: pen, chair
Name an animal that only lives in the Sahara Desert
Suggest a wedding dress for a summer outdoor ceremony
Give an example of an event that could represent a new beginning
Create a quick and easy way to store user data.
Write a cynical review of an amusement park.
Write a function to convert a given hexadecimal number to its decimal equivalent.
Generate a piece of dialogue for two characters using the following words: "frustrated", "unapologetic", and "toy".
How do you say hello in French?
Write a short paragraph describing a romantic date.
List 8 characteristics of cloud computing.
Describe the theme of the poem 'The Road Not Taken'.
Create a five-step plan to improve communication in a team.
Convert the date July 28th, 2020 to a Unix timestamp.
Give an example of an animal that can be found in the Arctic.
Provide 3 examples of emotions commonly experienced by humans.
Come up with a new way to make waffles.
Describe the function of the hypothalamus
Create an AI assistant that can answer general information queries about movies.
How can you maximize the success of a crowdfunding campaign?
Generate a humorous tweet that talks about taxes.
Generate a password with a minimum of 10 characters that contains at least 3 digits and 1 special character.
Provide an example of a healthy breakfast dish
What year did Microsoft release the Windows XP operating system?
Create a chat bot personality
What is a recurring deposit account?
Suggest three steps for staying motivated
Describe the impact of AI on healthcare.
Identify three advantages of using robotics in the manufacturing sector.
Summarize the battle between U.S. and British forces during the War of 1812.
Generate a list of five new countries which could host the 2026 World Cup.
Compare and contrast an apple and an orange in three sentences.
Suggest a creative way for a movie character to introduce himself.
Arrange the following words to form a sentence: Store, everyday, items, grocery.
Evaluate the expression 5 + (4 x 10).
What is an example of a common biometric security measure?
Generate a few relevant questions to ask about the following topic: The advances in technology.
Create a family budget plan.
What are the five pillars of Islam?
Create a list of tasks that should be done to prepare for a long camping trip.
Suggest a strategy to reach target audience.
Write a blog post about 5 tips to take care of your skin.
Describe why data science is an important field
What are the benefits of social media for businesses?
Generate a response that demonstrates empathy.
Suggest a way to preventing the overfitting of a deep learning model.
List five features of the earth's atmosphere.
Generate a story containing the words "princess", "castle", and "dragon".
Suppose if you had to spend the night in a deserted island, what would be the essential items you need to survive?
Generate a specific example of a data structure that can be used in a web application.
Come up with a sentence using the word "meditation".
Describe the various functions of the president of the United States.
Write an algorithm to create a Sudoku board.
Look for a synonym for the word "greatness".
Generate a science fact.
Generate a new name of a local ecommerce shop.
Name five drugs commonly used to treat depression.
Identify and explain three common features of the universe.
Develop a conceptual solution to a smart environment problem.
Summarize what Isaac Newton discovered
Draft a witty slogan for a snack bar.
Write a 500 character summary for a horror movie
Calculate the roots of the equation x**2 - 4x + 3 = 0
Describe the concept of a virtual assistant with a focus on how it could be used in the workplace.
Generate the names of 5 general artificial intelligence applications.
Write a shopping list for the following items: 2 apples, 1 banana, 4 oranges, and 3 carrots.
Who is the best basketball player of all time?
Edit the following sentence:  “I don’t want any mistake”.
Generate a story about a mysterious creature living in the forest.
Explain what the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution is in five sentences.
How does the internet of things (IoT) work?
Write a story about a family of thrushes.
What are the parts of a book?
Explain the concept of a linear regression model using simple language.
Come up with a sentence in which alliteration is used.
Provide five tips to kick-start a healthy lifestyle.
Describe the concept of a "Virtual Machine".
Describe a setting in which you would use the idea of chaos theory.
Describe the architecture of the mobile phone market.
Create a tip for keeping food fresh.
Rewrite the following sentence to use an active voice:  The school was visited by the mayor yesterday.
List five items to bring on a camping trip
Generate an article on why it is important to follow safety measures related to COVID-19
Write a story about a person running into a magical creature.
Generate a question with the keyword “fungi”
Generate a sentence that expresses intent to do something.
Generate a way to introduce yourself to your interviewer
Write a persuasive essay arguing against the use of cell phones in school.
Imagine you are a superhero, what’s your special power?
Describe the basic principles of thermodynamics.
Write a few sentences describing the process of photosynthesis
Describe how to make a cup of coffee using a French press.
Describe the importance of a healthy lifestyle.
Create a detailed fictional character.
Suggest a replacement for fossil fuels
Specify the uses of the following item: Bluetooth which permitts wireless connection between two devices
Suppose you are writing a press release describing the features of a new product. Write the main headline.
Explain how a blackhole forms.
Provide a solution to generate numbers from 0 to 9
Design a user interface for an AI based task management application.
What is the average salary of a software engineer in London?
Make up a sentence with the words "serendipity" and "opportunity".
Name five endangered species found in Asia.
Write a poem using 3 words: love, moon, and fire.
Suggest a good title for a document about resumes.
Which country has the highest peak in Europe?
Find a common phrase for "I don't understand"?
Write an equation to calculate the sum of the first 10 natural numbers
Generate a list of questions to ask a customer who is interested in buying a product
Create a series of questions to be asked to a bot about a product feature.
Suggest a creative way to make a difference in someone's life
Predict the cost of living in the US five years from now.
Edit the following sentence for a more academic tone: "Computers are great 'cause they can do so many things!"
Generate a potential hashtag for a vacation in Paris.
Generate a story about a scientist using the phrase “the mad scientist”.
You need to design a suitable logo for a cafe.
Name a place to spend a romantic vacation.
Provide three examples of a hyperbole.
Explain a few causes of lower-back pain.
Design a user interface for a document editor.
List 3 challenges of introducing new products.
Suggest a website to learn coding online.
Write a SQL query to select the top 5 students with the highest grades.
What type of biomes are located in the US state of Montana?
Congolese culture is heavily influenced by which antropological phenomenon?
List five Latin American countries.
Add 2 + 5 using the binary system.
Generate a list of potential hazards in an office setting
What's the difference between a virus and a worm?
How would you describe the taste of chocolate?
Describe a home remedies to treat a sore throat
Find an example of a graphic design project that uses black and white colors.
Prepare the following ingredients for baking cookies.
Explain the concept of "Four Factor Authentication"
Provide a plan to improve the environment of your local park.
Come up with an advice for someone trying to find a job.
Create a list of five words associated to the concept ‘Nature’.
Create three sentences that describe the Northern Lights.
Explain why recycling is important.
Generate three metrics that show the success of a mobile application.
Make a list of five activities you can do outdoors to stay active during the winter.
Write an algorithm to print the nth element in a Fibonacci sequence.
Find a public quote from Bill Gates.
Describe how a GPT model works.
Research and provide 2 facts about the Great Wall of China.
List a set of instructions to delete an item from a shopping cart.
Describe a creative project or task you did recently that you are proud of.
What is a priority queue?
Invent a computer gaming character that uses magic.
Generate a story about a lonely bird.
Create a metaphor for a person’s determination to realize their goals.
Suggest five appropriate vocabulary items that can be used to describe water.
Give an example of a context-free grammar.
Describe an example of a successful job interview.
List three elements that make an effective presentation.
Describe me a spring day.
Describe the architectural style of the Taj Mahal
During the last member meeting, create a list of 5 ideas to improve the club.
Edit the following sentence: She slip on the ice and fell.
Create a list of strategies to combat stress.
Summarize your last week.
Suggest a good financial decision for someone in their 20s.
Provide three tips for writing a good cover letter.
Identify the type of conjugation used in the sentence "He has opened the door."
Describe how post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) affects someone's life
Name five categories of food dishes.
Come up with a headline for an article about climate change.
Describe a different way to serve a pancake.
Create a keyword search query that could be used to find a blog post about camping tips.
Describe the Spanish American War.
Generate a list of items that are healthy alternatives to sweet treats.
Describe your biggest accomplishment.
Develop 5 possible slogans for an online shoe company
Come up with a way to classify different coffee drinks
Make a list of 5 ways to be more active each day.
Describe the various types of multimedia
Formulate a hypothesis about the following statement: "Gender diversity in the workplace can improve productivity."
Generate a list of 5 vocabulary words related to art.
Describe a scenario where a GPT language model could be used for task completion.
List the top 10 countries by population.
What type of voice does a tiger have?
List three features of the moon.
Compare and contrast realism and idealism in philosophy.
Return a list of emergency contact numbers.
What is the longest solo flight ever made by a human?
Write five questions to ask in an interview for a software engineer position.
Describe the history of the development of the British monarchy.
Construct a logical argument for a five-day school week.
Design a four-tier cloud computing architecture.
How are podcasts different from radio?
Provide a summary of the difference between ecology and environmental science.
Describe the political landscape in Turkey.
Write an if-else statement that prints "Success" if the number is greater than 0, and "Fail" otherwise.
Find two examples of healthy eating habits
Suggest five ways a business can increase customer satisfaction.
List five benefits of using artificial intelligence in marketing.
Analyze the effect the digital age has had on education.
Translate the sentence "Vous êtes bienvenus ici" into English.
What are the environmental benefits of using alternative energy sources?
Name three psychological defenses.
Describe how to use the Fibonacci sequence to identify price support and resistance levels.
Create a story about a person who discovers a talent they didn't know they had.
Name a Canadian musician who has won the Grammy Award.
Develop an algorithm to solve a Rubik's cube in the fewest moves possible.
Name a popular movie released in 1999.
Give a detailed explanation of why Python is an ideal language for data analysis.
Create a question that someone could ask a personal assistant
Count the number of words in the sentence "I want to go for a walk".
Calculate the tax rate for an employee with a salary of $75000 in California.
Edit this sentence to make it sound more formal: "We use this machine to do the job"
Name two famous monuments in Washington D.C.
Provide a list of five animals that are classified as primates.
Give a list of the disadvantages of nuclear power.
Create a programming language
Answer the given questions about the importance of customer service.
Outline the steps needed to bake a cake.
Suggest a pop song that I should listen to.
Outline the main features of a perceptron.
Rearrange the words to make a grammatically correct sentence: "the student was extremely tired the exam".
Write a story about a robot who forges a unique identity
Develop a way to extend the lifecycle of a battery.
Compare and contrast the two different learning styles: visual and auditory.
Identify the mistakes in this sentence: “He visiting his work colleague
Describe how an ecosystem functions.
How can Artificial Intelligence be used to help people with disabilities?
Analyze the effects of poverty on mental health.
Tell me why a balanced diet is important.
Describe the impact of global warming on the environment.
Put the following list of numbers in ascending order: 6, 3, 1, 5
Name 3 places to visit in your city.
Calculate the molecular weight of Sodium Hydroxide.
List 5 stocks that are performing well
Generate a list of mechanical engineering topics
Generate three example questions for a survey about air travel.
Generate a list of 5 different topics to write a blog post about.
Determine the longest river in South America.
How would you describe the differences between a fact and an opinion?
Find me a website where I can purchase acoustic guitars.
What does global warming mean?
Create a program to print all numbers between 1 to 100 divisible by 3.
Create a postcard for sending to your friend.
Construct a timeline to outline the epochs of the Earth.
Describe a great vacation spot
Summarize "Alice in Wonderland"
Describe the smell of a freshly baked pie.
Generate a quatrain for a summer's night.
Write a sample profile description
Generate a list of drive-in activities.
Create an English proverb that begins with the words "A stitch in time".
Identify the statistical term for the following definition: A measure of the degree of variability of a set of values.
Create a list of 5 tips for improving focus.
Name two U.S. states that allow people to obtain a driver's license at the age of 16.
Generate a poem about an emotional experience.
Describe the mission and vision of a company.
Explain how plants respire
Identify the functions of table columns "age" and "salary".
Describe the process of creating a website from scratch.
Explain why some people choose to use alternative energy instead of traditional energy sources.
What are the main ingredients to make a caesar salad?
Find the synonyms of the following word: 'Tenacious'.
Design an interactive interface that can help a child get familiar with the U.S. states
Generate a random password with length 8 and complexity 4.
Generate a list of 4 things people can do to reduce global warming.
Construct a timeline of the Renaissance period.
Name 3 countries that speak Spanish as an official language.
Write a poem about your best friend.
Create 10 sample sentences using a proper noun.
Name the capital of the country that is home to the Great Barrier Reef.
Generate a list of the best places to eat in London.
Explain how to play the game rock, paper, scissors.
Explain how binary code works.
Guess what is the best practice for customer service?
Generate 10 random binary numbers
Find the links between the following three words: buffalo, cattle, and horse.
Give an example of a type of business that is particularly well-suited for remote working.
In what year was Bob Dylan born?
Explain why the year 1945 was important
Generate an example of an algorithm for sorting a list of integers from smallest to largest.
Name five of the most common space rocks found in our solar system.
List four measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
List 5 outdoor activities people could do to reduce stress
Name a type of grilled sandwich.
Explain the consequences of a monopoly.
Generate a nature-inspired poem
Provide an example of a situation in which a prefix would be required in order to use a word correctly.
Create a shopping list for a weekend trip to the beach.
Suggest two possible solutions to improve the education system.
Compare and contrast television and YouTube.
Where is the Galapagos Islands located?
Explain how solar energy works.
Name a character from the novel War and Peace
Give me an example of a time where you needed to think quickly.
Describe the economic and social consequences of the construction of the Three Gorges Dam in China.
Summarize the book "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe".
Who were the first two United States presidents?
Make a sandwich with the following ingredients: mustard, cheese, and lettuce.
Name two AWS services that can be used to deploy a web application.
Summarize the article "The Philosophy of AI" and explain its main points.
Construct a SQL query to determine the total number of customers in each country.
Explain why it is important to use renewable energy sources.
Write two words that rhyme with "moon".
In what ways can someone use a spoon?
What is the maximum depth of a binary tree with five levels?
Explain the meaning of the term "phonetics" in one sentence.
Write a story about two friends trying to achieve a difficult task together
Calculate the average acceleration of an object that moves from a speed of 45m/s to 69m/s in 6 seconds.
What type of triangle has three congruent sides?
What are the four main components of an information system?
Describe the feeling when opening a present
Compose an email to your supervisor to explain why you were late for work.
Divide the following group of numbers into odds and evens:  4, 8, 6, 9, 3
Write a short note to your friend to comfort them
How would you use linear regression to predict the age of an ancient tree?
Describe a dream you had last night.
Suggest a way to analyze data to detect potential fraud.
How did the discoveries of Copernicus challenge the traditional view of the universe?
How does the addition of water affect the boiling point of a substance?
Construct a PowerPoint slide that summarizes the steps involved in the process of photosynthesis.
Explain the difference between a neural network and an artificial neural network.
Describe the American Revolution.
Name 5 methods of feature selection.
What are the differences between the 2020 Honda Civic and the 2020 Honda Accord?
Find the population of the US in 1960.
Create instructions for how to make an omelette.
Come up with a list of questions you can use for interviewing social media experts
Describe an example of a popular web series
Create a survey question about people's favorite subject in school.
Find the value of x for the equation 2x – 5 = 11
Formulate a query to find articles related to the topic “social media marketing”.
When did the Second World War end?
Describe a small business that someone is thinking of starting.
Describe the immigration process to the US.
Describe the process of adding a new printer to a network.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more engaging to read: "I have been travelling for four days."
Create a short story about a fictional alien species
Suggest a way of promoting physical activity among teens.
Write a story about a person who goes on an adventure with no money.
Classify the type of sentence "I am sitting".
Give me a proverb that expresses the idea of being cautious.
Come up with five words to describe a robot.
List 5 vegetables that start with the letter 'C'.
Come up with a phrase that expresses being excited about something.
Explain why computers are preferred over humans for data processing.
Generate a list of 5 impacts of climate change on people and the environment.
Write a poem of up to 10 lines that expresses gratitude.
List the 3 longest rivers in Europe.
Write two sentences to explain why water is important for life
Describe the benefits of using GPT for natural language processing tasks.
Summarize the geopolitical situation in South America
List five famous paleontologists.
Summarize what HTML is in 1 sentence.
Generate three words that start with the letter “B”
Give three ways in which you can reduce air pollution.
Convert the number 9,250 to its decimal form.
Give a description of the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl".
Think of one example of a way in which renewable energy can be used
Make a list of elements from Group 16 of the periodic table.
Give an example of a consumer good that is subject to the laws of supply and demand
Determine if a Monopoly game is a zero-sum game.
Summarize the current debate about humans and robots
Describe your favorite character from a movie.
Name three mammals that are native to the Amazon Rainforest.
Write a sentence that contains the words "duplicate" and "error".
Develop a strategy to pass a history test.
Create a recipe for making a simple but tasty burger dip.
Explain the phrase "seeing is believing."
What are the strategies to effectively use digital marketing?
Fill in the blank with the best word to complete the following sentence:  "It was raining ____ so I decided to stay inside."
Generate a creative title for a movie about a cat who saves the world from an alien invasion.
Identify the continents of the world
Given the sentence "I am hungry", change it to make it more descriptive.
Describe how characters in a story might react if a tornado were to hit their town.
Give the Spanish translation for "fox".
What is the difference between Responsive Design and Adaptive Design for webpages?
Explain how a neural network learns.
Create a speech on the importance of using renewable energy.
Give a good example of a book title that conveys a message of resilience.
Write a metaphor to describe the experience of falling in love.
Search through a database to find a movie with a high rating and a duration of 2 hours.
Come up with an innovative use for augmented reality (AR).
Design an app to help people find a job.
Summarize the main character's journey in the movie The Pursuit of Happiness.
Write a script to check for missing values in a dataset.
Edit the sentence: "I likes reading"
Identify and mention three common punctuation marks used in English.
Provide one example for a cultural practice.
Generate a list of five characteristics of an ideal leader.
Find and describe a real world example of a type of artificial intelligence.
Please explain in three sentences how a GPS navigation system works.
Come up with an original name for a bakery.
Develop an algorithm to find the maximum number in a list.
Construct a boolean query to find all documents that contain the words "GPT-2" and "language model"
Write a story about a brave knight who is on a quest to save the world from evil forces.
Generate an email to send to a customer who has asked for a refund.
Construct a 3x2 matrix with integers from 1 to 6 in ascending order.
Generate an essay summarizing the current Coronavirus pandemic.
Describe the use of blockchain in banking.
Identify three business metrics that a company should measure to ensure successful growth.
Given the following input, create a rule for good communication.
Summarize the story of Little Red Riding Hood.
Identify the currency symbol of Canada.
Create a list of 3 work-related skills
Describe the flavor of strawberries.
What is the value of π to 6 decimal places?
Generate a list of questions that can be used to evaluate a machine learning model.
Construct a set of five multiplication equations that use the same factors.
Generate a list of characteristics of a computer.
Give a synonym for the adjective "lucid".
Generate a list of factors that could cause an increase in car accidents for an article.
How does the Amazon rainforest benefit the planet?
Summarize the impact of technology on the entertainment industry.
Classify these animals as vertebrates or invertebrates: elephant, jellyfish.
Find me the best deal for an iPhone 11
Identify five common food allergies.
Give an example of how people use technology to get work done.
Change the following sentences to a negative statement: He will meet us there.
Describe a thought experiment used to illustrate a concept.
Compute the derivative of 2x^2 + 5x.
Explain the concept of Interplanetary Transfer Trajectories.
Explain how linear regression works.
Explain the concept of media literacy.
Explain what economic globalization is.
Convert this sentence into a passive-voice sentence: "Jill ate the pizza."
Describe in a few words the strategy Romney followed when running his political ads.
Create a false fact about the planet Mars
We are looking to diversify our product line by offering a new type of product. Generate potential ideas.
Write the steps in a healthy morning routine.
Explicate the concept of artificial intelligence
Change the following sentence to active voice: "The tent was pitched by the students.
What is the average temperature of Earth?
Create an app to track travel expenses
Edit the following sentence so that it is in the simple past tense: "Today, I goes to the store to buy eggs."
Name some of the challenges involved with designing visualizations
What should I do if my computer freezes?
Look up the top three results for the query “cheap phone cases” and return the name and price of each product.
Create a to-do list of activities to do this weekend.
Name a technology used to improve customer service
Identify 3 ways to encourage individuals to practice social distancing.
Provide an adjective to describe someone who is always cheerful.
Determine the molecular formula for water.
Provide a step-by-step guide on how to clean a carpet.
Find the third derivative of x^4
Does artificial intelligence eliminate the need for human intelligence?
Create a program that parses natural language and provides an appropriate response.
Name one of GPT-2's applications.
List five factors in making a good presentation.
Generate a list of 5 activities one can do at home during the pandemic.
Design an airplane seating chart.
Generate a list of 5 adjectives that describe the taste of a cup of coffee
What is the economic impact of globalization?
Explain the environmental impacts of single-use plastics
Generate a haiku poem that uses the words 'sky', 'mountain', and 'evening'.
Write a description about a famous ancient city.
List five ways to monetize a website.
Explain how modern technology has changed the education system.
Describe the processes for making a yogurt-based smoothie.
Name three features of a self-driving car.
Generate a list of jobs that involve writing skills.
Name three important events in world history from the last century.
Name three famous modern plays.
Generate a list of activities for a group of five people.
What are five positive outcomes of investing in renewable energy?
Construct an explanation of the definition of the word 'bounty'.
Explain why AI assistants can help us in daily life.
Provide three example usages of the word 'adorn'.
Do research on the history of poverty in the U.S. and summarize your findings.
Name 3 US presidents
Explain the concept of empathy to me.
Describe how technology has changed over the last decade.
Describe how to make a simple cake.
What is the relationship between an insurer and an insured?
Convert the phrase "I had a great time" into present tense.
Write a function that calculates the area of a circle given the radius
Name 4 planets in Earth's solar system.
Generate a 4-digit code with no repeating numbers.
Write a speech introducing yourself to the audience
Classify this song as either upbeat or slow.
Write an essay about the role of technology in education.
Name a famous actor who has won an Oscar for Best Actor
Evaluate the following logical statement as true or false and explain why: All dogs are mammals.
Write an argumentative essay about why artificial intelligence should be regulated.
Write a comprehensive review for the Iphone 11 Pro Max.
Explain how a predictive analytics model works
How would you ensure that a chatbot is aware of the latest updates?
Label the parts of speech in the following sentence: "The teacher forgot her lecture notes.
Name one big data tool used for processing and visualizing data.
Provide the synonym for the word "meticulous".
Name one type of AI that is used in machine translation.
Identify the main components of electromagnetic radiation.
Provide a timeline of historic events in the US presidential election.
What is the average number of days in a month?
Analyze the consequences of a virtual learning environment.
List five popular AI technologies.
Generate a sentence that describes a person's daily routine.
Create a list of strategies to help a student better manage their time.
Produce a list of five activities which would make a good weekend getaway.
Summarize the main points of the Paris Agreement
Create a word play related to winter.
Brainstorm three ideas for a never-before-seen type of vending machine.
How does a monopolist maximize its profit?
Name three features of a good customer service representative.
What is the general process of writing code?
Summarize the following passage:  The world of technology is a rapidly changing one. In the past, computers and other tech were much less advanced than they are today.
Explain why artificial neural networks are the most commonly used deep learning models.
How many words are in the sentence: "Today I went to the store."
Explain the purpose of the following HTML tag: <div>.
Generate two creative metaphors that compare computers to something that can be seen in nature.
Describe the Five W's of journalism.
List four advantages of self-driving cars
What activities can be done to reduce our carbon footprint?
Invent an original sci-fi character with a unique superpower.
Create a list of five ways for the elderly population to stay connected during quarantine
What is the definition of a metric system?
Describe a painting in the style of Pablo Picasso.
Explain the process of photosynthesis in one paragraph.
Explain what is meant by “substitutable technology”.
List five reasons why people should exercise daily.
Write a short story around the setting of a jungle.
Create a list of factors that can influence a decision.
Estimate the temperature in Celsius outside at 8PM today.
What’s the difference between an oak tree and a maple tree?
List five endangered species in the US.
Generate a correct data model for a customer relationship management system
Compose a song with a bluesy tune.
Suggest three methods for reducing stress
Describe What is a GPT Model
How could a company make sure that customer data is secure?
Identify three effects of climate change.
Reverse the letters in the word "hello".
Classify the following tweet as being positive, negative, or neutral: "My textbooks are still on the way!".
Create a PowerPoint about Europe with 5-7 slides.
Describe the food trends in the US in the last five years.
Describe the theme of the last novel you read.
How can we reduce the global plastic waste?
Give four examples of natural language processing tasks
Given the sentence, "The cafe serves some of the best coffee in town," generate a slogan for the cafe.
What is the average adult height in centimeters?
Give three examples of ways to stay healthy.
Create a soundscape based on the idea of summer.
Provide examples of control, treatment and confounding variables.
Describe the differences between anaerobic and aerobic exercise.
Generate a list of adjectives describing a fortune teller.
Given an example of a valid sentiment analysis scenario.
Create a two-line story.
Describe the benefits of attending a virtual conference.
Explain why using salt in a recipe is important.
Suggest a creative way to serve ice cream for a children's party.
Create a semantically correct sentence from the following words:  ‘overwhelmed’, ‘customer’, ‘help’.
Change the syntax of the sentence to active voice :"The delicious dinner was made by him".
List five activities that would qualify as light physical activity.
List 5 elements that make up an effective mission statement
Find and list five artists that are similar to Khalid.
Describe a holiday atmosphere.
List at least three characteristics that define a good team.
Design an icon to represent a brand of luxury spa services.
Describe the process for creating a PowerPoint presentation
Write a letter to your local senator expressing your opinion on gun control laws.
Write a blog post about the importance of recycling for the environment.
Write a first person account of climbing a mountain.
Compose a poem that is at least 10 lines long on the theme 'love'.
Name 3 American cities that host the Olympics.
Name one key element for designing an effective chatbot.
Identify one challenge with using AI
Analyze the following statement: "Information is power."
Name five adjectives which could be used to portray someone as intelligent.
Develop a plan for dealing with procrastination.
What is the term used to describe a bias where groups of people with some particular background or attributes are more likely to interact with the model in a certain way?
Create a playlist of 10 songs that are appropriate for a romantic dinner.
Identify the 4 problem-solving steps
Give a definition for the techonolgy "cloud computing".
Summarize the article "How the Zero Waste Movement is Gaining Momentum".
Give me a short biography of Winston Churchill.
Writing a short article about a new technology that you think will revolutionise the world.
Come up with a creative way to teach elementary school students about the water cycle.
Construct a riddle about the outdoors.
Suppose you are designing an online store. What kind of search bar should you provide for the customers?
Generate a professional bio
Find the number of 2-letter words in the English language.
Create a function that takes a string and a number, and reverses the given string the number of times specified.
Describe the relationship between two characters from the novel you are reading.
Name three advantages of using Python for web development.
What is the abbreviation for 'United States of America'?
Suggest five activities to do at home.
Come up with a creative title for a story about a fox and a rabbit.
Describe the differences between a proactive and a reactive approach to problem-solving
Provide a summary of American history up to 1899.
Write a story of friendship between two boys from different backgrounds.
Create a list of 10 adjectives using the letter "r".
How does the law of demand influence pricing strategies?
Calculate the total surface area of a cube with a side length of 5 cm.
Assign an appropriate name to the following new species of butterfly.
Tell me why someone should learn Spanish?
Generate code to take user input and print it.
Generate a list of five reasons why a person should buy a bike
Suggest a charity organization for animal welfare.
Describe the key elements of a restaurant menu.
How does the Supreme Court of the US work?
Name three ways a cloud computing provider can increase security.
Create a list of the 5 largest cities in the United States.
How does artificial intelligence affect human employment?
Make an argument for why vegetarianism is better for humans.
Describe an unethical behavior.
Generate an example sentence which uses the verb "devour".
Subdivide the category "living things" into 3 distinct groups.
Come up with a new slogan for an outdoor recreation company.
Find a fact about the Star Wars movie franchise.
Who wrote the novel "1984"?
Construct a compound sentence using the words "otherwise" and "charged".
Summarize the latest news about the stock market.
Create an outline of a persuasive essay about the importance of education.
Compose a tweet that communicates the following: "The new season of the show is coming out tomorrow":
Describe what a customer service representative should do.
Suggest an alternative title for the book "To kill a mockingbird".
Provide three strategies for effective task delegation.
Complete the sentence "I want to be a _____ when I grow up".
Create a set of instructions on how to operate a robot arm.
Name the 3 main components of an atom.
How many teaspoons are in 1/4 cup?
List the three main components of an essay.
Generate a topic sentence for an essay on the environment
What does the economic term "deflation" mean?
List three advantages of eating organic food.
What type of machine learning algorithm would you use to classify emails?
Write a sonnet using the following words as the last line: "an endless field of dreams".
Write a sports-themed haiku.
Arrange these words in alphabetical order: green, ink, orange.
Generate a 10 word list of descriptive words for loneliness.
Generate a poem of 8 lines about summertime.
What are some strategies for solving a Rubik's cube?
Compose a sentence using the given words: (proliferate, precipitation, embrace)
Generate a list of five tips for reducing stress levels.
Name 4 features of a scientific research paper.
Explain how a fixed-width font is different from a proportional font
Identify three major challenges of Artificial Intelligence
Construct a sentence with the words "enduring", "relationship", and "longevity".
Answer this question: Who are the top five wealthiest people in the world?
Generate a poem that focuses on the passage of time.
Suggest a way to spread awareness about climate change.
In what ways can AI help entrepreneurs?
Generate a public service announcement about the importance of recycling
Suppose you can give a gift to someone you want. What kind of gift would you like to give?
Imagine you are about to go on a camping trip, what items would you bring?
Brainstorm a creative solution to an environmental problem.
Translate the sentence "El agua es importante" into English.
Design a classification model for sentiment analysis of movie reviews.
Describe the manta ray in five sentences.
Design a PowerPoint presentation about the benefits of a Mediterranean diet.
Generate a sentence using at least six words beginning with the same letter.
Tell me one disadvantage of using technology in a classroom setting.
Describe a relaxing evening in five words.
Create a shopping list for a summer barbecue
Rank the following in order from most to least important: exercise, sleep, food
What should candidates and interest groups be aware of when it comes to television advertising?
Translate this sentence from English to French  He is a great leader
Name five chemical elements
Given the sentence "I went to the store to buy apples", how could it be improved?
Write a blog post about improving mental health.
Describe a scenario when critical thinking is important.
Write a brief overview of Canadian independence.
Generate a random "password" that meets the following criteria: - 8 characters long - Must contain at least 1 letter and 1 number
What is the primary purpose of literature review?
Suggest a hairstyle suitable for an oval face.
Generate an example of a time when you had to go against the crowd and stand your own ground.
Develop an argument to support the following claim: eliminating sugar from our diet is necessary to improve health.
What new services can be offered by a supermarket to its customers?
Name a natural resource that is highly abundant in the United States.
Write a brief biography of Alexander the Great.
Summarize the following article in 90 words:    The internet of things (IoT) is the architecture of the digital world. It connects many devices like smartphones, laptops, and even home appliances, enabling them to communicate with each other. This connectivity enables people to remotely control and monitor the devices, unlocking potential for system scalability, customization, and automation. With IoT, users can easily track, automate, and optimize device performance and energy usage.
Describe the causes of poverty.
Create a title for giving advice on how to be successful in college.
Generate a romantic message for a couple
Write two sentences describing a beach sunset.
Describe the differences between machine and deep learning
Create a string of HTML code with an appropriate tag for a title.
When can a comma be used with a list of three words or phrases?
Please explain the concept of international trade
Describe a decision making process.
Rewrite the following sentence to reflect a casual writing style: "I implore you to read this important document."
Rewrite the following sentence using the active voice: The flowers were planted by my brother.
Create an allusion to a famous work of literature in a sentence.
Generate a creative and engaging name for a website about solar energy.
Design a logo that conveys the idea of "Globetrotter".
Search and provide a numeric answer to the question "how many voting members are in the UN Security Council?"
State a fact about a recent event.
Summarize what happened in chapter 3 of the novel "The Catcher in the Rye"
What is the main source of energy for the human body?
Choose two colours to create a gradient
Explain the concept of 'institutional racism.'
Describe the main differences between "fascism" and "authoritarianism".
Generate a script for a conversation between a patient and a nurse.
Create a design for a t-shirt that celebrates your home state or country.
What are some tips for a successful job interview?
What are three challenges a commuter might face?
Rewrite the following statement as a question:  We should take a break.
Write 5 lines of dialogue in a cartoon style.
Generate a story with the following elements: a traveler, an ancient city, and a secret.
Name a type of facial recognition software.
Describe the difference between jargon and technical language.
Generate an analogy of a computer being a delicacy
Evaluate the following statement: "The use of technology has improved society in many ways."
Provide 5 examples of idiomatic expressions.
Comment on the following statement: Animals should not be kept in zoos.
Find the derivative of x2.
Predict how technology will change in the next 5 years.
Find the smallest two-digit prime number.
Generate a story about a god sent to Earth to help humanity
Write a one sentence summary of the book 'One Hundred Years of Solitude'
Convert 100 grams to pounds.
Use a single word to describe the weather today.
Write a query to find out the average temperature for the month of June.
Name 5 ways to measure the success of a company.
Write 2-3 sentences about the importance of running.
Convert the following number to a fraction: 9.5
What are the main differences between natural and artificial selection?
What type of document do you need to start a business?
Briefly explain the significance of the Supreme Court ruling in Marbury v Madison.
What is the difference between a Support Vector Machine (SVM) and a Neural Network?
Calculate the gravitational force between two objects with masses of 10 kg and 20 kg when they are separated by a distance of 5m.
Create an input for the following instruction: Create a sentence to illustrate the expression 'a heart of gold'.
Come up with 3 ideas that can reduce water pollution.
What is the full form of CPU?
Determine the next two numbers in the following sequence: 4, 8, 12, 16
Create a multiplication table from 2 to 10.
Give an example of how natural language processing (NLP) is used in everyday life.
Design an algorithm for analyzing text.
Give three pieces of evidence to support the importance of physical activity for mental health.
Compare and contrast Data Mining and Machine Learning.
Name 3 shopping websites where you can buy computer parts.
Develop an algorithm to add two numbers together
Create a headline for a breaking news story about a politician.
Write a short story involving a time machine.
Describe the relationships between countries in the Asia region.
Describe a memorable moment in your life.
Provide a recommendation for a mobile app.
Brainstorm three new app ideas.
Explain how artificial intelligence can be used to shape the future of marketing
Name five types of data frequently used in data science projects.
Come up with an interesting question to ask a bot.
Develop a website for a travel blog
Describe the changes of the Earth's climate in the last century.
Name five things related to healthcare.
Give me the capital of Japan.
Identify the key characters of the novel "The Hobbit".
Design a web page to display the current weather.
What is a limit in calculus?
Name three features of the 2020 census.
Explain the concept of preferential attachment.
How could one balance education and family obligations?
Identify the primary contributing factors to climate change
Generate a potential topic for a research paper.
Describe a job that pays well but has no holidays.
Describe a feature of a wind turbine.
How long did World War I last?
Create a case study of a successful business
Create a headline that declares why artificial intelligence is key to sustainability
Describe an outfit you would wear on a weekend afternoon.
Name 5 countries that best exemplify democratic values
Select a movie genre
Write a description of a fun adventure experience.
Generate a potential business idea.
Think of a joke involving an apple.
Create two examples demonstrating how to use the verb "juggle" in a sentence.
Explain the process for reversing a linked-list in Java.
What is the cost for 5lbs of strawberries?
Output a C code segment that takes two number as inputs and returns their product:
Imagine you are speaking to an audience about social scientists, what would you be saying?
Add a noun that describes the following attributes: kind, generous
Suggest a way to get started on a writing task.
What two countries border France?
Suggest one way to reduce climate change
Generate a slogan for a brand of face wash that emphasizes natural ingredients.
List 3 examples of Shakespeare’s plays.
Generate a list of the top 10 causes of global warming.
Name two species of animals that are classified as endangered.
Reverse the following phrase: "How are you?"
Generate a story set in a fantasy world.
Describe a use case for depth first search.
Describe the differences between e-commerce and conventional business.
Come up with an example of an event that may cause changes in political spending patterns.
Transform this sentence into a more formal, yet polite style: “Let’s all be quiet, please”
What are the advantages of virtual reality?
Classify the following objects into their appropriate groups: apple, banana, lettuce, automobile.
What is the sector of the stock market that contains companies that offer essential services?
Generate a five-sentence summary of the movie The Notebook
What makes a recipe healthy?
Compare and contrast AI-driven chatbots and virtual agents.
Provide a list containing five adjectives to describe an elephant.
Why do some businesses fail?
Describe the features of a new home in one paragraph.
Explain why the Moon rotates.
Explain the difference between a class and an object in object-oriented programming (OOP).
Write a short bio for a web development job.
How far is it from San Francisco, CA to Los Angeles, CA?
Compare and contrast a person’s moral and ethical beliefs.
Generate a sales pitch for a marketing consultant.
What is the purpose of the National Science Foundation?
Summarize the historical context of the May 4th Massacre in Tiananmen Square
Is the following statement true or false? One day has 24 hours
Describe the visible spectrum of light in one sentence.
Construct a timeline of the main events in World War II.
Construct a bacterial transformation lab experiment.
Create a product page for a ladder.
Design an algorithm to find the longest word in a string.
Name one disadvantage of using a credit card.
Give the temperature in Celsius when the temperature in Fahrenheit is 32.
What methods can be used to improve the accuracy of machine learning models?
Give an example of a complex organic molecule
Create a short story featuring the words "apple", "truck", and "hallway".
What type of digital marketing strategies should a company use to increase its online presence?
Rewrite the following sentence in a polite form: "I need your help."
Make recommendations for budgeting for a couple vacationing in Hawaii
Give a suitable alternative for the phrase "a fly in the ointment".
Make a list of the three most impressive natural wonders in the world.
Please suggest a creative way of hosting a virtual birthday party.
I have a problem with my computer, what should I do?
Think of an activity that parents can do with their children
Describe a feature of the world that you would like to see changed.
Describe the impact of ocean acidification on coral reefs.
Explain why a firewall is important for network security.
Write five open-ended questions about [Data Science].
Create a flight booking system.
Generate a script for a romantic comedy that includes two main characters.
Summarize the characteristics of a black hole.
What are the best strategies for managing stress?
Summarise the implications of an ageing population on the health-care system
Paraphrase the sentence "We spent a lot of time looking at data sets."
Generate an appropriate response when an employee has tried his best to do a task but failed.
Write a 2 sentence definition of biodiversity
Provide three adjectives to describe the color blue
Describe the role of emotional intelligence in the workplace
Write a review of the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Convert 45 g of sugar to teaspoons.
Suggest a good screen capture tool for Mac.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: The approach that has been taken for this project is one of urgency and speed.
Explain why mutation is important for genetic diversity.
Generate 3 thought-provoking questions about a new food delivery app.
What type of demand functions are used in economics?
Provide a hypothesis on why some animals such as bees, ants and scorpions have evolved to near identical traits?
Multiply 174 and 3.
Write a summary of the movie "The Great Gatsby"
Come up with a general definition of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
Explain the concept of human capital
Identify the point of view in the following sentence:  The butterflies fluttered in the garden with delight.
Explain why quantum computers are more powerful than traditional computing systems.
Describe how the element Carbon is formed
Refer to a Bible passage and explain its significance.
Provide two reasons why using artificial intelligence can improve customer service.
Write one example of an Idiom.
Explain the principal activities within a sales cycle.
Output the synonyms of the word "opportunity"
For an online e-commerce store, come up with an effective way to track customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Explain what a GPT model is and what it offers.
Generate a random word between 8-15 letters long.
Compose two alternative greetings for a blog post.
Calculate the area of a square whose length of side is 16 cm.
Write a one-paragraph story about a person who failed after multiple attempts.
Write a 5-sentence story about a young girl who meets a dragon.
Explain how to calculate the perimeter of a triangle.
Make a 3-dimensional model of a cube.
Classify the following sentence as negative or positive.  "I had a terrible day today."
Identify two ways to make a computer program more efficient.
Identify two causes of glacial retreat.
Summarize the benefits of a digital advertising campaign
Describe the president of the United States in three adjectives.
Generate a persuasive argument for new initiatives in animal welfare legislation.
What is the main difference between IP over Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) and IP over Ethernet (Ethernet)?
Generate 3 creative ideas for an awareness campaign on water conservation.
Rewrite the following sentence using a more sophisticated phrase than “very happy”: I am very happy about my new job
What is the relationship between a tree and a root system?
Give five tips for creating an effective landing page
Generate a list of 5 similarities between cats and dogs.
Search for a news article about current events
Generate a hypothesis to explain why cats love to bask in the sun.
Create a job title for a person specializing in green energy.
Construct a statement that conveys the idea of innovation.
Create an algorithm to check for palindromes.
Find five facts about Thomas Jefferson.
Write an essay exploring the impact of AI on small businesses.
Generate a five-word phrase using the words apple, blueberry and pear.
Create an algorithm to remove duplicates from a singly linked list.
Generate a set of rules to follow in order to perform better at work.
Explain why air pollution is a global problem.
Analyze the arguments for and against online education.
Give some techniques to help with decision-making.
Write an apt email in 150 words, thanking your current boss for providing you an opportunity for growth.
Calculate 45 divided by 3.
Make a list of popular tracking sports
Suggest two titles for a play about two sisters who share a secret.
Write the steps to create a basic HTML page.
Generate a list of 5 questions to ask a user when they first sign up for an online service.
Compose a sentence using the word "ubiquitous".
Describe the different aspects of a programming language.
Create a sentence that uses the words "defy" and "gravity"?
Generate a slogan that best captures the feeling of a start-up.
Think of a metaphor for technology.
Explain why Emperor Nero is famously known for ‘fiddling while Rome burned’
What are the two main components of a cryptocurrency?
Explain the difference between parallel and serial communication in computers.
Generate a paragraph describing why data science is important.
Construct a story about a robotic pet.
Suggest a vocabulary word related to the topic of recycling
Create a list of 5 common myths about Artificial Intelligence.
Provide two examples of activities that require physical strength.
Create a sample tweet about the latest news in the technology sector.
Make a list of steps required to bake a cake.
Research and identify if any artificial sweeteners are safe for consumption.
Suggest a good way to remember complex concepts.
How can we improve the performance of a linear regression model?
Name three diseases that can be caused by poor hygiene.
Re-write the following sentence to make it more concise:  The way the breeze scarped across the ocean surface was beautiful.
Research a interesting fact about spiders and summarize it in two sentences.
What are the structures of a simple sentence?
Name a common tool used in woodworking.
Come up with three questions for a survey about customer satisfaction with electric vehicles.
Provide five tips for public speaking.
Compare and contrast primary and secondary research.
Ask the assistant a question about the 2020 US Presidential Election.
Suggest a 3-step routine to help people stay healthy.
Write a short story about an elderly person who starts a garden.
Compare and contrast the decision evaluation processes for a small business and a large corporation.
Analyze the following quote: "Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those you hold well."
Write a short dialogue between two people who are discussing a disagreement.
Tell me something interesting about pandas.
Construct a timeline of the internet's history
Arrange a sequence of steps for designing a website.
Describe the most impressive aspect of the pyramids of Giza.
Name 3 countries that border France.
Explain what is the centripetal force.
Find the zeroes of the function f(x) = 3x2 – 10x + 4
Change the following sentence making sure the meaning is still the same: "The teacher was giving out the books."
Generate a story about a girl who discovers a magical item.
Compose a song about staying positive in difficult times.
Summarize the article with the headline "Apple to launch new wearable device"
Name one use of a hacksaw.
What is the difference between positive self-talk and negative self-talk?
Describe how a spring breeze feels
Compare and contrast the effectiveness of two popular search engines.
What is the abbreviation for environmental protection?
Think of a creative way to involve the audience in a presentation.
Construct a database query to count the number of records that have a status of 'completed'.
Describe how the COVID-19 virus spreads.
Compare and contrast the artistic styles of impressionism and expressionism.
Recommend a type of exercise for people with lower back pain.
How much is seventy five million in numerical form?
Explain why the 4 amendments in the US Constitution are important.
Name one form of energy created by the sun
Investigate the world's smallest mountain.
Compare and contrast night and day.
Give me a suggestion for how I can make a cup of cold brew
Generate the structure of a beer brewing process.
What is Statement Coverage?
Name 5 US states that start with the letter 'M'.
Construct a 4-step tutorial for setting up an email account.
Evaluate the effectiveness of using solo adverts for marketing a product.
Design a self-improvement schedule for someone who wants to be more organized.
Identify a real-world application of AI.
Write a sentence about a healthy lifestyle.
Provide an example of how chatbots can be used in the hospitality industry.
Present an argument against gun control.
Pretend you are a tour guide and provide some information about the Statue of Liberty.
Compose a short essay on the topic "Exploring the Life in a City"
Identify the main opposition to Candace Owens
Name a famous software project.
Describe how the internet can be used to increase efficiency in a business.
List ten items on a grocery list.
Find three famous people who were born on June 22nd.
Suggest two different usages of a GPT model.
Provide a brief description of the movie The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Provide some advice for a student wanting to learn Mandarin.
Edit this sentence: "I like travel to other county"
Tell me one similarity and one difference between a spider and an ant
Rewrite the following poem without changing its meaning:   The sun goes down and the moon comes up It's a never-ending cycle for sure
Translate the phrase "Hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil" into Spanish.
Generate 3 pieces of evidence that suggests global warming is real.
Enumerate 10 different types of jobs that robots can do.
Given the following sentence: The cat waited outside the door, what is the adverb in the sentence?
Generate a poem that captures the beauty of the oceans.
Describe a recurring dream you often have.
Name a mammal who is not a human.
Write a 100 word paragraph on the importance of science education.
List all countries in North America, in alphabetical order.
Create an example of a menu item that uses olive oil.
Identify three different strategies for conflict resolution.
What kind of activity can you suggest to do with family on a Sunday afternoon?
Name two elements of design.
Rearrange the following words to form a question:  Seeing should understand
Generate a list of numbers that are divisible by both 2 and 5.
Translate "Can I ask you something?" in Spanish
Outline the basic operations of a web browser.
Compare and contrast convolutional neural networks with recurrent neural networks.
Describe a type of bird
Create an outline for an article about the Amazon rainforest.
Name one disadvantage of online shopping
Name two common types of friendships
Write a code snippet that uses a for loop to print the numbers 1 to 10.
Explain the concept of vector multiplication
Outline the four main reasons why environmental pollution is harmful.
Appraise the impact of artificial intelligence on the workforce.
Write a recipe for a cheese omelette.
Provide at least five facts about the state of New York.
In what ways do humans affect the environment?
What is the primary benefit of a membership loyalty program?
Create a list of home organization tips
Name two characters in the novel Moby Dick.
List five features of a modern toaster.
Construct an analogy between a book and an umbrella.
Create a data visualization to represent the rise in technology's influence in our lives.
Create a catchy phrase that can be used to advertise modern technology.
What is a word that is the opposite of 'expensive'?
Can you give a recommendation on how to get into the IT field?
Create an algorithm for detecting plagiarism in a document.
Describe a way to make long meetings more productive.
Generate a question that uses the given words: "reach," "goal," "start".
Describe the conditions in a refugee camp
Write a comprehensive article about the recent advancements in AI.
Develop a layout for a survey asking participants about their shopping habits.
Give a short explanation of what data mining is.
Describe how the color blue relates to nature.
Write a sentence expressing the surprise of seeing a celebrity.
Explain why the Moai statues on Easter Island have no bodies.
Please list some good musical instruments
On a scale of 1 to 10, rate the food you had yesterday and explain why.
Identify if the following statement is true or false: The Panama Canal is a very short canal.
Provide the list of ingredients to make a carrot cake.
List two methods to reduce our carbon footprint.
Find the height of Mount Everest in feet.
How does DNA replication work?
Calculate the 4th Fibonacci number.
Create a salacious gossip headline.
What is the British equivalent of ‘Hamburger'?
Generate a tweet summarizing the key points of an article on the importance of voting.
Explain the term "impeachment"
Determine the surface area of a square prism with sides of length 4, 6, and 8.
How would you explain artificial intelligence to a sixth grader?
What is the main difference between the Internet and the World Wide Web?
Write a paragraph describing the basic principles of psychoanalysis.
Create a protocol for cleaning a kitchen.
Generate a base CSS code for a red colored circle.
Describe the biggest airport in the US
Name the other two major components of the DSP processor.
Generate a hashtag which accurately sumarizes the movie "Titanic".
Construct a sentence using the present tense of the verb "eat".
Is 27 a prime number?
Make the following sentence interrogative and add an appropriate question mark: He traveled by plane.
Provide an example of a news headline about the latest technology.
Generate 3 alternative passwords for a computer system.
Generate a list of good habits that can be practiced by a teenager.
Translate the following sentence into Latin.  He is happy.
Create ideas for a STEM project for 9 - 11 year-olds.
List three important components of a cloud-based data storage system.
Write a story about a monster that lives in a magical forest
Construct a sentence that includes alliteration.
Edit this sentence to make it more concise: "That is why I would like to insist that..."
Describe a character in the book "Dracula".
Name three actors with Academy Award wins.
Find the value of x in the following equation: 3x + 2 = 12
Create a SQL query to select all the customers records who have purchased more than 5 items
Is there anything else the customer needs to do to complete their order?
Give one example of a liquid at room temperature
Design a game to improve a child's memory
Reword the following sentence to be more precise:  Olive oil is a healthy food to eat.
State four differences between a rose and an apple
Compare a skyscraper to a mountain.
Compose a sample input to the instruction
Give an example of a question that can be used to open a sales call.
Name a French dish that you enjoy.
Provide a list of tips and advice for coaches on how to communicate with their team.
Create a timeline summarizing the inventions of Albert Einstein.
Create a plan for composting food scraps.
Write a descriptive phrase to describe a rainy day.
Write a 2-3 sentence script for a movie advertisement for a horror movie.
Replace the word “confident” with an antonym.
Which country has the largest population in the world?
Classify the sentence: I can hear footsteps outside.
Generate a 5-digit random number in a range of 10000-20000
Cut the following sentence in half to make two grammatically correct sentences. "I am going to the store, but I don't know what I need to buy."
Suggest what someone should do if they need to de-stress.
Create a 12-bar blues pattern in the key of A.
Why is data privacy important?
Generate a tag line for a brand that focuses on eco-friendly products
Name the musical note associated with middle C
List five steps for comparing two products.
Create a 2-3 sentence metaphor that describes the feeling of being overwhelmed.
Describe the personality of a lion.
Provide an explanation for the loud noise coming from outside the house.
Name five iconic landmarks.
How is nuclear energy generated?
Create a speech introducing a friend of yours. Output should be less than 100 words.
Brainstorm a list of five common spices used in Chinese cuisine.
Give a definition of a computer virus.
Write a paragraph detailing the significance of the color green.
Write a general overview of the movie "Joker".
How does  AI help to optimize online shopping experiences?
What is the name of the type of the triangle whose sides are all equal?
Create a spreadsheet in Google Sheets with 4 columns and 4 rows.
Write a short story about a woman who is socially distancing from her family during the pandemic.
Create a story for a children's book about a crocodile.
Construct an outline for persuasive speech about going green.
Generate an analogy for the phrase "stretching your limits".
Name a type of small cat.
Outline the key steps of the scientific method.
Provide the definition of "software architecture"
Write a description of the process flow of a restaurant.
Determine the appropriate synonyms for the word "sweet".
Make a shopping list for a healthy dinner that serves 4 people.
Explain why algorithms are important in data science?
Give me a quote about success.
How can machine learning models be evaluated?
State the key differences between the terms 'artificial intelligence' and 'machine learning'
What is the biggest challenge faced by data scientists?
Provide examples of three common types of layout in websites.
Make a webpage dedicated to the services your company offers.
Create an array in JavaScript containing 5 strings.
Outline a plan to reduce water consumption in the household
Find English translation of the following Korean phrase - 장보기
List the three types of cloud computing.
Generate a recursive program that can calculate the factorial.
Describe the impact of a software bug on the customer experience.
Would it be possible to build a machine that learns like a human?
Find out the 17th letter in the English alphabet
Create the outline of a speech about the benefits of veganism
Write a code to print the first 6 digits of Pi.
Describe what led to the current international climate
I need to scale a 1000-word article - explain the process
Write a five-word slogan for an online course about successful communication.
Explain why the news media is so powerful.
Describe a medical invention that can save lives.
What is the current market price of gold?
Generate an example of a realistic dataset for a classification problem.
Translate the following sentence from Spanish to English:  El hermano de ella fue a la tienda.
Design a drinking game
Can you think of a few ways in which technology has impacted employment?
Look up the definition of the word 'acolyte'.
Generate a closing statement for a formal email.
How can you keep your hands warm in cold weather?
Craft a description of a rocket
Describe a traditional Italian dish
Rewrite the following sentence using proper grammar: "imma gonna try."
Describe a triangle as a geometric shape.
Summarize the movie Jurassic Park.
How would you classify this sentence? "I love to play soccer."
Design an experiment to test the effect of temperature on plant growth.
Write a short story about a boy who is trying to save his village.
Give an example of a recipe involving an apple.
How many elements are there in a triangular matrix of order 3?
How would you describe the elements of the periodic table?
Provide three example cases for how change blindness can occur.
Compose a song with the theme of love using three different musical instruments.
Create a story about a robot who learns to love humans.
Name two famous festivals celebrated in South America
Create a word that describes the relationship between a mother and a son.
How can I make a classic Manhattan cocktail?
Name three Latin American countries.
Calculate the surface area of a rectangular prism with sides 3 cm, 5 cm, and 7 cm.
Name an animal that is commonly kept as a pet.
Find the capital of Spain.
Generate a sentence to illustrate the meaning of the word "adamant".
Generate a code that prints the words Hello, World!
Come up with five ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Generate a tweet to promote a new show.
Name at least five differences between a basketball and a soccer ball.
Name a famous person who influenced the human rights movement.
Suggest 5 classroom activities to help children aged 8 learn the alphabet.
How long did Shakespeare live?
Give two facts about the Muslim faith
Convert 30 kilometers per hour to meters per second.
Change the sentence from simple past to past perfect: "She wrote an article."
Generate a script in Python which will convert given numbers in to words.
Create a list of ten items that can be used to clean the kitchen
Generate a random password 6 characters long
Say two sentences that could go in an email to a customer who has a complaint.
Create a list of skills an engineer needs to have.
How does the Coriolis effect influence the atmosphere?
Generate three possible titles for a research paper about healthcare.
Generate a story about a girl who is lost in a desert.
Create a comparison chart to compare apples and oranges.
Rewrite the following statement making it more concise: "Suzanne works as an engineer, and she is currently employed by XYZ Corp."
Correct the following sentence: They is amazing
Name a few common elements of a story
Identify the tone of the following statement: "I can't believe you made such a bad decision."
Name at least three types of clouds.
What is the legal voting age in the US?
Give a rule of thumb for managing projects
What are three benefits of using cloud computing?
List five common types of trees.
Write a 300 words article about the importance of self-care.
Think of a significant event that changed your life.
Write a script to delete all the users who have not been active for the past 3 months
Calculate the mean of the numbers 3, 4, 6, 10, 11
Output a multiplication table for the numbers 2 to 10.
Explain the word "thesis" in 45 words.
Identify three sources of stress people may experience.
Explain the economic impact of an increasing global population.
Come up with ideas for a new business that takes advantage of artificial intelligence.
Create a list of 5 healthy habits to develop early in life.
Compose an email to parents encouraging them to enroll their children in extra-curricular activities.
Who is Samantha Andrews?
Evaluate the following expression: 8 x (5 + 7).
Describe a future technology for the betterment of society.
Given a photograph, provide three tags to describe it
Determine the slope of the line with the coordinates (3, 4), (8, 10).
Provide an example of a hypothesis for experiments related to consumer behavior.
Name one movie that has won an Oscar.
Generate three adjectives associated with the city of Paris.
Develop a system to track the performance of employees in the company.
Find out the nearest star from the Earth.
To what extent is gentrification beneficial to a city?
What type of tree did George Washington famously cut down?
Describe the purpose and function of an adapter.
Coming up with an analogy, explain the concept of a quantum computer
Generate a list of plausible passwords.
I just had pasta for dinner. What would be a good healthy snack to eat afterwards?
Generate a summary of President Obama's 2013 State of the Union Address
Collect ideas for a potential article about artificial intelligence.
Explain why it is important to determine the purpose of an article
Name three computer programming languages and what they are used for.
Design an algorithm to classify a basketball shot as a 3-pointer or 2-pointer.
Create a question which can be asked for dialogue.
Construct an SQL query to retrieve the customer identification and first name of customers who are younger than 30.
Write a paragraph summarizing the advantages and disadvantages of using renewable energy sources in our daily life.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: “It is important to always be polite and courteous even when you are in a rush.”
Classify the sentence "John went to the store"
What is the ten-letter word meaning “out of town”?
Add two adjectives to this sentence: "The _____ _____  cat purred quietly."
Rewrite the sentence "The sun is bright in the sky" as a metaphor.
Explain the physical properties of air.
Design a shirt that promotes plant-based diets.
What are the common types of data manipulation tasks?
What does the term "reduce reuse recycle" mean?
Describe the concept of Yin and Yang.
Compare and contrast coffee and tea.
Modify the following sentence to make it more active:  The house was rearranged by my father.
Describe the process of writing a song from start to finish.
Generate a marketing headline for a new food delivery app
Summarize the paragraph:  As Thanksgiving approaches, people around the world do their part to give back to those less fortunate. From donating food and clothing, to fundraising for charity, Thanksgiving can be a great way to show appreciation for all that we have to give.
Come up with a creative way to reward customer loyalty.
How was Doctor No influenced by Sax Rohmer's Fu Manchu stories?
My elderly father suffers from memory problems - what can I do to help him?
Generate buzzwords related to computing.
Tell me two different ways to cook rice.
Name 5 methods that can be used to ensure data security.
Generate a c++ program to count the occurrence of each number in a list
Explain how Virtual Reality works.
Name two benefits of using a computer to create a program.
Explain how will a digital assistant help you on a daily basis.
List the most common properties of a hologram.
Create a plan to prevent data loss.
Classify the following sentence: She cooked a delicious dinner
Name three public figures who support renewable energy
What did the ancient Greeks think caused eclipses?
Explain why it is important to carefully plan the structure of a website.
Add a citation for the source of the following quote: "The greatest wealth is health".
Categorize the following as either a noun or verb: Walk
Find an example of a company using ML for automated customer service
Set up an environment for serving a Python web application
Describe a function of the immune system.
Design a new beverage
Describe an application of deep learning to computer vision.
Describe a process for doing sentiment analysis.
Describe the function and use of a loss function.
Generate a detailed list of ideas for a romantic evening.
Give 3 reasons why would someone want to use AI in their business.
Create a poetic stanza about the sun.
Describe the benefits of frequent physical activity.
Generate a funny joke using the keyword 'teacher'.
Generate an example of a symbol widely used in the field of mathematics.
Describe the illusion of a glass of water
Generate speech recognition software which can be used to translate spoken languages.
Give the definition of 'trend'.
Summarize the tools and techniques used in software engineering
Explain the concept of machine learning algorithms in three sentences or less.
Generate a list of all valid triangle types.
Name three types of personal protective equipment
Generate the name for a mobile application that allows users to order food from their local restaurants.
Build a gaming system with Unity that runs smoothly on mobile phones.
What precautions should people take to use public transportation safely during a pandemic?
Name two famous examples of artificial intelligence.
Calculate the area of a rectangle which has a width of 4m and a length of 6m.
Identify the target audience for a fitness club.
List different types of figurative language.
Come up with a creative way to reduce food waste.
Generate a phrase that contains the following words: basket, farming, and children.
Develop a story with a moral about animal conservation.
Create a predictive algorithm that could identify drug interactions.
Name a summer activity that requires no money and at least two people.
Summarize what a graphite pencil is composed of.
Document the steps for changing the oil in a car.
Generate a list of ten logical arguments for reducing global plastic production.
What event occurred in the US in 1910?
Suggest a way for reducing plastic use
Compare the differences between a laptop and a desktop computer.
Give an example of an application that uses the "machine learning" technology
Write a short story with the following prompt: A grandmother and her grandchild taking a walk in the park.
Create an algorithm that can detect fake news
Edit the phrase: "We will succeed if we try"
Create a set of rules for the game of hangman.
Construct a function to classify words into nouns, verbs, and adjectives.
Suggest the best digital marketing strategy for a travel app.
Explain the difference between a pilot study and a full study.
Create a hashtag for a blog post about sustainable food.
Name a commonly used kitchen appliance.
Write a paragraph that describes the benefits of using technology.
Identify the main theme of the following poem:  "I'd climb a hill so high, That I could touch the stars in the sky, And I'd watch the birds fly by"
Make a list of 5 government policies that have had positive social impacts on people.
What is one key feature that sets humans apart from robots?
Write a set of instructions to create a greeting card using Adobe Photoshop
Answer this programming question: What is the difference between a static and a dynamic array?
Name one of the most common terminologies used in cricket.
Compare and contrast what makes a strong leader vs. a strong follower.
Find 4 words in Spanish that describe a turbulent ocean.
Suggest a topic for an argumentative essay.
List 10 interesting facts about cats
Identify a good brand strategy for a new coffee shop.
Suggest a framework for developing a predictive analytics model.
Explain why randomness is important for a machine learning system.
Propose a research question for the following topic: Natural Language Processing
Describe a double helix shape.
Design an icon associated with a new social media platform.
Identify 5 key components of a good email.
Generate a list of five topics for a debate about the environment
Describe poverty in the richest nation in the world
Name three technological gadgets of a modern artist.
Describe what a skyscraper is in one sentence.
List five sports that involve a net.
Provide a timeline of events for the life of John F. Kennedy
Create a list of ten shared characteristics between birds and reptiles.
Write a code snippet that adds an item to the end of an array.
Research the topic of "Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare" and summarize the key points.
What are the advantages of using robots in a manufacturing plant?
Write a script for a one-minute skit
Generate a list of 3-5 interview questions that are relevant to a project manager position.
Given the following words, assign each one to one of the following part of speech categories: noun, verb, adjective:  Lurid
State what type of work you would be best suited for.
How do you convert 18 Celsius to Fahrenheit?
List some advantages of participating in team sports.
Generate a list of ten objects related to the beach
Generate three persuasive arguments supporting a particular point of view.
Create a dialogue between a customer and a waiter.
Come up with an algorithm to solve the Rubik's Cube.
Compare and contrast Hinduism and Buddhism.
Give an example of a good interview answer and explain why it is good.
Generate 5 possible words that could serve as a user name.
How would you use blockchain technology to secure health data?
Write a short story about a girl who discovers a magical object with strange powers.
Write pseudocode for a program to calculate the average of a list of numbers.
Analyze the differences between the words 'subsequent' and 'subsequenty'
Design a database schema to track a user's orders.
Create a metaphor comparing life to a game.
Give examples of items that can be recycled.
Categorize the following sentence: "Apple Watch can now measure your blood oxygen level".
Properly punctuate the following sentence: "Where is the library
Make this sentence possessive: "The girl's bike".
Order the following items from highest to lowest priority: washing dishes, doing laundry, vacuuming
Generate a paragraph to explain why it is important to recycle.
Come up with a list of 10 books for a book club focusing on personal finance.
Take the following statement and edit it to make it more concise.  Original: The new version of the software was created in order to address the issue of customer dissatisfaction.
Brainstorm some new and interesting uses for a pair of scissors.
Describe a simple process to measure the success of a business.
How would you prepare a cup of hot chocolate?
Give me three types of reptiles.
Describe a mountain range.
Generate an example of a well-written blog post.
Given two datasets, one containing animal photos and another containing plant photos, how would you train a model to identify the two?
Give an example of an element in the periodic table
Design a mobile application to display the weather forecast
Design a system to classify objects based on its size (small, medium and large)
What skills do you need to be a successful doctor?
Describe the electrical force between two protons.
How did the Great Fire of London start?
Find the definition of 'convergence' and write it in one sentence.
Suggest a good book to read.
What is the difference between an exothermic and endothermic reaction?
Design both a logo and a slogan for a laundry service company.
Generate a one-sentence title for a creative recipe.
Generate a list of potential keywords related to the topic of digital currency.
Create a time expression out of the following sentence: Jeans are on sale this week.
Who is the governor of Idaho?
Create a new cooking recipe.
Make a list of 10 ways to make a difference in the world.
Generate some ideas on how to set a romantic mood.
Generate a home workout program for a beginner.
Suggest two methods to reduce water wastage
Comment on the following statement: "Schools should be closed in winter breaks."
Generate a list of four questions related to marketing strategy.
Develop a survey question to measure people's satisfaction with their lives
Create a horror story in five sentences.
Give me a real-life example of Newton's Third Law.
Describe the landscape in five adjectives.
Find the average age of the inhabitants of the United States
What is the meaning of the phrase "on an even keel", output the explanation.
Identify the type of pronoun in the sentence "He will arrive by 5 pm"
Select two questions to ask a job interviewer.
Construct an SQL query to order customers by their first and last name.
Compose a blog article on the importance of exercise.
Write an original haiku poem
Rewrite the following sentence using more active verbs: "The disagreement between the two companies has caused many issues."
Explain how neural networks are used in AI.
Create a greeting card design with "Congratulations" written on it.
Answer this question: How much faster can a cheetah run compared to a human?
Name two physical conditions that could lead to arthritis.
Generate a list of 5 questions to ask in an interview that would help evaluate the candidate's skills in computer science.
How would you solve this equation: 4x + 5y = 28
Create a program to predict stock prices.
Suggest an original and natural-sounding greeting for a chatbot.
List the different forms of energy.
Know the number and type of facial features.
List two advantages of using natural language processing (NLP).
What are some examples of common grounds in negotiation?
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Generate a list of at least five computer algorithms that are used in Natural Language Processing.
Describe the different types of taxes used in the UK.
What is naive bayes?
Explain the concept of Heuristic Evaluation
Create a visual representation comparing residential energy usage and commercial energy usage.
Construct a paragraph that explains the concept of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
Give a few tips for making a great presentation.
Create a response that could be used by an AI assistant when it is asked to do something it cannot do.
Create a new book title for a novel about young scientists working together on a project.
Generate a description of the dinosaur "Brachiosaurus"
Generate a one sentence prospect for a novel about a virus outbreak.
Give an example of an animal that is not endangered
Write a paragraph describing the history of the French Revolution.
Prepare a speech on the topic of environmental pollution
Explain the consequences of not voting in the upcoming election.
Tell me two benefits of a plant-based diet.
Create a list of shopping items needed to host a dinner party.
What are the legislative measures to protect endangered species?
Edit the following sentence so it uses the word "licentious": Bill and Ted's behavior was inappropriate.
Translate the word as "batesada" into English.
Give an example of a company that uses cutting-edge AI technology
Write a persuasive argument to convince someone that global warming is real.
Write four rhyming lines in the form of a poetic couplet.
Explain how to use Google Sheets to compare data from two different cells.
Write a story about a young girl who gets lost in the forest.
Explain the benefits of using public transportation
Paraphrase the following sentence: "This project is too complicated for me to manage."
Output the name of a popular soccer team.
Compare and contrast the two systems of government: democracy and communism
Create a design template for an advertising poster.
Create a data modeling design for a system to track medical records.
Compose a tweet about Machine Learning
Which two shapes make a right angle triangle?
Generate a unique web page title for a blog post about wild birds.
Calculate the cost of an item that is marked down from $50 to $35.
Identify which of the following regions are in South America: Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico.
What is the chemical formula of Ascorbic Acid?
Write a poem in the style of a limerick.
Explain the concept of breakeven price for a business.
Make a short sentence about a Halloween costume.
Describe the different pieces of hardware on a computer.
What does 'a priori' mean?
Name a way to practice storytelling.
Suggest some creative ways to give a presentation.
Rewrite the phrase "throw away garbage" in a formal tone.
Find the area in square kilometers of India
Generate a group of questions to ask a friend.
Compose two stanzas of a poem about a magical sunrise.
What are three advantages of using a GPT language model?
Create a 3-step plan to prevent procrastination
Name three men's apparel items every man should own.
Make a list of daily self-care activities
Think of a new way to use a plastic bottle
Make a list of 5 activities to do during the weekend.
Describe the trait of innovation.
Find information about the 4th President of the United States.
What were two repercussions of the coronavirus pandemic on the education system?
Compose a poem with at least four lines of rhyming words.
Generate an inventive name for a new type of sandwich.
Make a flow chart representing a job application process.
From what age can a child legally stay home alone?
Compose a short story about two friends with opposite personalities.
Assess the use of technology in the criminal justice system
Describe how a virus spreads in three sentences.
Generate a name for a data analysis company.
Describe the content of the novel "The Great Gatsby".
Pick three TED Talks that are related to Artificial Intelligence
What is the name of the largest desert in the world?
Create an analogy for a computer.
Create a list of three preventative measures people can take to reduce the spread of COVID-19.
Explain how deep learning is being used to diagnose diseases.
Suggest two potential topics for a persuasive essay.
Name the top three most active volcanoes in the world.
Describe the process used to find a lost cell phone
Tell me one quality of a good leader.
Describe a scenario in which Albert Einstein's theory of relativity might be valid.
Convert this sentence into the past continuous tense: We are playing soccer
Find out the even number between 1 and 100.
Evaluate the following argument: The government should increase taxes to help fund the public health care system.
Create a website using HTML and CSS.
Classify the following statement as True or False.  People cannot be both introverted and extroverted.
What term is used to describe when two companies join forces to create a larger company?
Evaluate the following hypothesis: "Multitasking negatively impacts the productivity of an individual."
Create an interactive quiz with at least three questions
How far away is Jupiter from the Sun?
What is the goal of software testing?
Determine the parity of the number 7.
Compare and contrast the countries India and Brazil.
Generate a riddle about an owl.
Summarize the article about the increase in oceanic temperature.
Generate three questions to ask a customer when they make a purchase.
Research and generate some facts about the Eiffel Tower
Share a short story about a forgotten memory.
What are the ingredients for a Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe?
Create a travel itinerary for a 5-day trip to Las Vegas
How can someone save money while on vacation?
Name 3 social media sites.
Calculate the monthly cost of a house if the monthly payment is 2000$ and the interest rate over a period of 25 years is 5%.
Output a detailed description of a tree.
What do you think is the most important quality for success?
Generate a question that someone might ask at a job interview.
Analyze the pros and cons of online shopping.
Complete the following sentence: In spite of the pandemic,
Name two data mining techniques.
Describe the general appearance of an oak tree.
Give a name to an invention that can turn common household appliances into autonomous robots
Search the web to find a list of the most popular ice cream flavors.
Translate this sentence to Spanish: "I would like an apple juice."
Describe how a GPT language model can be used to generate text.
Compare 'dog' and 'cat'.
List five key elements of customer service.
Tell me about your experience with Python programming
How many triangles can be formed from 4 points?
Provide a sample context for the following instruction: Ask the assistant to schedule an appointment.
Classify these examples as either a fruit or vegetable: banana, carrot
Explain the goal of Deep Learning.
Explain what an embedding layer is and its purpose in Machine Learning.
Generate a metaphor to describe someone as courageous.
Add 3 new ingredients to a pasta dish.
Calculate the numerical value of the following equation: 4(2+3)
Give 3 tips on CSS Grid usage.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "In the home, there are often difficulties in managing time for tasks such as cleaning and laundry"
Compare and contrast apples and oranges
Describe what the best thing about working from home might be.
Write a story that begins with the sentence: "As he looked out into the horizon, he saw..."
Design a logo to promote a startup business.
Write a news article about gender diversity in computing.
What is the relationship between air pressure and altitude?
Summarize the story of the movie The Night Before Christmas in 100 words.
Rewrite the following sentence in first-person point of view. 'The study found that the number of calories consumed increased during the pandemic.'
Generate three metaphors to describe a smart home.
Research and explain how blockchain-based networks can be used to solve the double spending problem.
Write a story using these 5 words: teacher, solve, maze, notebook, structure
Generate a list of unexpected food pairings.
Think of a word that is related to the keyword "potato".
Identify the most important value in project management.
Suggest a destination for a virtual family reunion
Create a survey question to learn about an individual's opinion on training
Print the following statement: "I want to learn to code".
Suggest a dinner menu healthy dinner for the week.
Generate an appropriate template to describe a customer service interaction
Write a story about a robot given human-like emotions.
Describe a mental health disorder.
Edit the following sentence by replacing the bold word with a synonym: The man was very _cowardly_ when it came to taking risks.
Name two key features of a persuasive essay.
Give a one sentence description for a romantic comedy.
What are some advantages of economic specialization?
Brainstorm 3 ways to reduce noise pollution.
Give three reasons why long-term planning is important for businesses.
Describe a lightning storm in two sentences.
What other countries are in North America?
What is the process of turning used paper into new paper called?
Name five social media platforms.
Explain why data augmentation is important in machine learning.
Why does a human need to breathe oxygen?
Generate a piece of advice to someone who is feeling unmotivated.
Compare and contrast the American Flag and the Flag of Mexico.
Identify a common problem in your community and think of a possible solution for it.
Create a sentence that incorporates the following word: behold
Create a story of how two friends meet
Are humans smarter than computers?
Identify three techniques for developing web applications.
Create 3 different questions about the Organ Donation Act.
What is the unit of temperature used in the SI system?
Describe the key responsibilities of a software engineer.
Generate a poem with the following theme: summer and friendship.
Develop a marketing strategy for an online store.
Explain the uses of big data
Suggest a theme for a 90s themed party.
Generate a tweet that offers solutions to environmental problems.
Schedule a virtual meeting at 10 am on 10 Oct.
State the main theme of this book: "The Little Prince"
Tell me a common idiom.
Reformat the following sentence to make it sound more natural: "She covers a lot of material in her classes''
Draft a tweet that announces the launch of a new fashion line.
Research the natural disasters most commonly experienced in India.
Describe the primary activities of a marketing manager.
Describe how social media has changed society.
Design an algorithm to detect malicious content in texts.
Identify the fear of heights.
Make a list of the top 10 movies released in 2018
Identify a famous artificial intelligence researcher/scientist or contributor.
Generate an essay of 500 words on the topic of machine learning.
List five positive values for success.
Generate a list of 5 tips for how to maintain work-life balance.
What makes a good team lead?
Come up with three more adjectives that can be used to describe the sound of a saxophone.
Generate a list of questions to ask participants before a free web design workshop.
Draft a tweet about the importance of an environmentally sustainable lifestyle.
Generate a hypothesis for why the bacteria strain is resistant to antibiotics.
Give a list of adjectives to describe the color green.
Enumerate the features of an ideal algorithm.
Rap a story about a movie character.
Write a question asking for a customer's first name.
Describe a time where you used problem solving skills in order to overcome a difficult situation.
Investigate the benefits of using AI-assisted customer support.
Compose a poem using the following words: "dawn," "river," and "sunrise."
Describe why people should use sunscreen when outdoors.
Summarize the events in Act 1 of Hamlet.
How many teams are playing in the World Cup 2022?
Name a famous celebrity who is in the movie industry
Summarize the events of the movie The Day After Tomorrow.
What is the average life expectancy of an adult male in India?
What kind of research methods would be best suited to study the effect of exercise on mental health?
Generate 4 description of a painting that has a mountain, a blue sky and a tree in the foreground.
Write a simple definition of the word "economics".
Construct a query to search for cars that cost less than 12000 dollars.
In four sentences or less, explain what a proof is in mathematics.
Explain the important role of databases for businesses.
List four methods to reduce traffic congestion.
Give a brief explanation of the differences between entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs.
What are some advantages of using AI in the health care industry?
Create a limerick about cats.
Generate a sample password
Explain what adjectives are and give an example.
Imagine that you are a guest speaker giving a lecture. Write a 1 to 2 sentences long introduction about yourself.
Analyze the influence of religion on politics.
Create a function that takes two strings and checks if they are an anagram of each other.
Generate a Mad Lib
Generate a title for an article about artificially intelligent robots.
Summarize the location of Mount Everest.
Identify 3 ways to effectively increase the diversity of a workplace.
Write a concrete example of a use case for artificial intelligence.
Create a script that informs the user of their phone's battery level.
Rearrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence:  candidates are best the who
Give an example of a creative way to use GPT models.
Who are the members of the cast of the Movie Inception?
Name two common sports indigienous to North America.
Generate a list of areas related to computer science that a student can specialise in.
Write a five-word sentence using the words "happy", "content", and "dream".
Give an example of the voice command an assistant can understand.
Compose a poem using "the meadow" as a theme.
Generate a description for a hiking trail.
Construct a questionnaire to measure customer loyalty.
Create three questions about the author Mark Twain.
Explain what a GPT language model is and write  down 3 advantages of using it.
Suggest a way to organize a closet efficiently.
What is the one-sentence definition of machine learning?
What evidence do scientists use to support the theory of evolution?
Suppose you want to remind yourself to do something in the future. Construct a reminder sentence that guides a GPT model.
Write a funny one-liner that could be used in a joke
Compare and contrast the Reformation and the Counter-Reformation
Create a new word by combining the word "heart" and the word "less".
Write a function which randomly shuffles the elements of an array.
Name two prokaryotic organisms.
Discuss the importance of setting SMART goals.
What could be the advantage of using a GPT language model?
Create a logical sentence using these words: ["allow", "help", "it", "learning", "machine", "to"]
List four types of plants a beginner can grow at home.
Classify the following sentence according to its purpose:  "Do you have any questions?"
Construct a table to compare the effectiveness of 5 different treatments
Generate a job description for a project manager role.
Generate a proverb that uses the phrase "no man".
Generate 5 adjectives that describe a beach
Generate a story featuring a castle with a hidden secret.
Find a website that sells electronics.
Write two sentences using the following words: criticize, target, message
Write a poem that compares nature to a human emotion.
Explain why solar energy is a better alternative to fossil fuels.
Suggest a vegetarian breakfast menu.
How did the Sumerians invent writing?
Write a Wikipedia summary of the University of California, San Francisco in less than 100 words.
Classify the following tweet as negative, positive or neutral. Tweet: The new restaurant opened in town, I'm so excited!
Describe a peaceful meadow in 50 words.
Generate a list of opposite adjectives.
What is hydrogen used for in the Haber process?
Find a recipe to make a vegan version of a quiche.
Generate three different blog post titles on the topic of artificial intelligence
Suggest three ways to increase the efficiency of a deep learning algorithm.
Generate a list of items needed to build a campfire.
Suggest two activities suitable for a 5-year-old kid to do over the weekend.
Summarize the following statement in one sentence:  Information technology has changed the way businesses operate and the way customers interact with them.
Paraphrase the following sentence in your own words: "I feel excited about the upcoming event."
Provide an example of a situation in which the following phrase might be used: "It's too little, too late."
Write a scene for a romantic comedy.
Compare and contrast natural language processing (NLP) and computer vision.
Convert the number "448" to the Octal numbering system.
Write a funny joke suitable for a PG-13 audience.
How did the internet change the way businesses are run?
Translate the word "accuracy" to Chinese.
Find the area of a triangle with base 8cm and height 11cm.
Generate a guiding vision statement to motivate your team.
Describe how fire spreads in a forest.
Name a social media platform.
Describe five benefits of using natural lighting.
Explain why the additive identity property holds in mathematics.
Create a metaphor for an organizational culture
Explain the concept of artificial intelligence in simple terms.
What is a sign of dehydration?
Write a report on the top five threats to the internet.
Is the number 12 prime?
Come up with a metaphor to describe feeling overwhelmed in an atmosphere of chaos
What is the most important element of persuasive writing?
Generate a sentence using a complex sentence structure
Provide three examples of passive voice.
Suggest a few ways to increase productivity.
Design a new dress for a summer season.
Explain why GPT-3 is more useful than other language models.
Classify the following sentence: “I have a lot of work to do.”
Explain why learning a foreign language is a worthwhile endeavor.
Summarize the laws of thermodynamics.
Provide a Turing-complete definition of what a tree is.
Which planet is closest to the sun?
Compare the weaknesses and strengths of Darwin's Theory of Natural Selection
Generate three questions that could be asked on computer science.
Compose a haiku poem, output the poem.
Suggest a few tips for working from home.
Generate a timeline of key events in the history of AI.
Convert 20 milliliters to tablespoons
What is an example of a website design trend for 2021?
Create a simile for the word "levity".
Edit the following sentence to make it more informative: "Global climate change is an issue."
Explain the concept of exponential growth.
Describe the use of a firewall for an operating system.
Identify a specific example of a conflict of interests and explain why it constitutes such a conflict.
Give an example of self-care activity.
Construct a sentence using the definition of the word "persist".
Create a list of 5 benefits that one can get from using artificial intelligence.
Describe the weather in the following city: Lagos, Nigeria
Generate a plausible subtitle for the movie "The Godfather"
Generate a title of a book that is related to the topic of adventure.
Summarize the main points of the article "Harnessing The Power of Social Media"
Name two endangered species of plants and two endangered species of animals.
Open the Task Manager on your computer.
Generate a humorous punchline for a joke that starts with "Why don't scientists trust atoms?".
Describe the Aztec calendar
List the most recent five books that Mark Twain wrote.
How many syllables does the word ‘autonomous’ have?
Create a general rule for the past participle conjugation of irregular verbs.
Discuss the implications of climate change
Describe the sound of a thunderstorm using just one sentence.
Create a paragraph of 10-15 sentences describing a sunny summer day.
Provide the definition of a "festival".
Compare and contrast URL encoding and base64 encoding
Come up with a catchy and creative slogan for a computer company
Describe the typical daily routine of a data scientist who works remotely.
Explain the difference between an operating system and an application.
Build a search engine that targets the medical field.
Explain the importance of carbon dioxide in the environment.
Create a function in Java to find the factorial of a number.
Design a sample survey for customers about the quality of a company's customer service.
Convert the word "practice" to past tense
Describe different types of meditation
Describe how a Magic 8-Ball works
Write a brief story that involves two people of different backgrounds.
Create a line of poetry with the words "fire" and "dusk".
Explain to me how a rainforest works.
Generate a creative title for a podcast episode.
Suggest a topic for a book about developing countries
Name 5 famous authors.
Find the perimeter of a triangle with sides = 2m, 1m, 3m.
In what country is the Mediterranean Sea located?
Provide an example of a job where you would need to have excellent problem-solving skills
Compose a melody for a duet with two flutes.
Name 3 events that occurred during the American Revolutionary War.
What is the molecular structure of water?
Find a beginning for a story about a person who lives in an extraordinary world
Give 5 tips for reducing waste in the home.
Generate a list of at least five different career paths in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
Devise a way to making a paper clip without using scissors.
What is the most popular programming language in use today?
Compare and contrast the effects of a low-carb diet and a high-carb diet.
Name three common validation techniques used in Machine Learning.
Create a title for a blog post on protecting user data privacy.
What are the five fundamental principles of Stratified sampling, and how do they work?
Generate six random words.
List two measures suitable to improve employee job satisfaction.
Generate a funny example for the idiom "Bite off more than one can chew".
Write a short essay discussing the impact of technology on the workplace.
Name one type of organic compound.
Construct a factual statement about the Civil War.
Give three tips for staying healthy.
Outline the details of a park picnic.
Suggest two ways to increase the reach of a blog.
What is an operating system and what is its purpose?
What type of information should someone provide when filling out a job application?
What is the meaning of the idiom "A penny saved is a penny earned"?
Describe the overall concept of cloud computing.
Generate a list of five scientific terms starting with "geo"
How many countries make up the European Union?
Describe the economic benefits of providing free healthcare.
How did the World Wars affect people’s attitudes and lives?
Compare the health benefits of kiwi and mango.
Write a code of five lines that prints "I love coding!"
Create a plan to reduce stress on a daily basis.
Compare and contrast the different forms of government in North and South Korea.
Create a list of the five most influential writers of the 19th century.
Search the web for five interesting facts about Antarctica.
Suggest one exercise to improve aerobic fitness.
Outline what is meant by the term 'digital literacy'.
Explain the process of baking a cake.
List three pros and three cons of nuclear energy.
Suggest how to improve the security of a computer network.
List some of the benefits of using AI in business.
How can we reduce the environmental impact of home electricity usage?
Generate a list of rules to follow in a school classroom:
Recommend a suitable physical activity for someone who runs a sedentary job and needs to improve their fitness.
Name 4 key ingredients needed to make banana bread.
Define a modernist movement.
Describe the scientific consensus on climate change.
Generate a mathematical equation that compares the speed of two objects.
Name a planet from our solar system.
List five tools necessary for a space exploration mission.
Order the following list based on increasing complexity: basic, complex, intermediate.
Tell me three reasons why it is important to exercise.
Explain why the Renaissance was an important period in history
Identify the type of the following structure - "The more the merrier"
Explain how an electric field is produced.
Write a short article that discusses the dangers of rise of artificial intelligence.
Give the French equivalent of the phrase 'It's raining cats and dogs'.
Find the average value of the following list of numbers: 12, 5, 14, 9
Create a list of five things that can be made with paper
Describe how home automation can save energy
Describe the recent rise of cryptocurrencies in the box below.
Develop a strategy for changing a habit
What are three characteristics of democracy?
Research the meaning of the term "cultural relativism" and explain it in an easy to understand manner.
Find out the name and the origin of the dish called 'Hopper'
Assign a logical operator to each of the following terms: true, false, and.
You are preparing a dashboard for a CEO. Write a short statement that summarizes the purpose of the dashboard.
Remove the conjunctions from the following sentence:  John and Sam went to the store, but they couldn't find the item they wanted.
Develop a set of rules to help children make good decisions.
Generate new ideas for a vacation destination.
Name one method of data encryption.
Generate a story about a college student that is moving out for the summer.
Generate a financial report for a business for the past month.
Provide an example of a GPT model used for generating text.
Select the incorrect statement.
Explain why the following statement is wrong: "Cloud computing stores your data on the Internet."
Create a detailed blueprint for designing a 3D game
Write a creative story involving two characters who are estranged friends reunited.
Explain how GPT works in one sentence.
Construct a haiku based on the word "autumn"
List ten examples of artificial intelligence applications.
What is the importance of using renewable energy sources?
Analyze the moral of the story "The Boy Who Cried Wolf".
List five books about artificial intelligence
How is cloud computing different from data centers?
Write a coding algorithm to generate a random number in a given range.
Come up with a creative way to save money. Output your solution in one sentence.
Describe the differences between DSLR, Point and Shoot and Smartphone Camera in terms of their features and specifications.
Compare and contrast Jane Austen and Charlotte Bronte's writing styles.
Design a mascot for a virtual assistant.
List two methods to ensure privacy is maintained while using the internet.
Design a logo for the company named "Happy Food from Heaven".
How old is Taylor Swift?
What should be done if a company is accused of violating labor laws?
Compute the discriminant of the equation x^2+2x+2=0.
Write a persuasive essay on why environmental protection should be a priority.
Name 3 software applications relevant to the healthcare industry
Find the capital city of the State Illinois.
Explain the concept of blockchain to a 5 year old.
Identify the regions at risk from hurricanes in the Caribbean.
What is the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on travel and transportation?
Generate a list of words that are related to the term 'food'.
Describe a past event that changed your perspective on life.
Compare and contrast two different search engine algorithms.
Name a company that sells computers.
Explain the meaning of the phrase “to wear one's heart on one's sleeve”.
Describe the impact of the smartphone on our everyday lives
Explain how to make hard boiled eggs.
List five methods people can use to relieve stress
Explain what makes a website user-friendly
Provide two examples of simple machines.
Rewrite the sentence in the interrogative form: "He is an engineer."
What is a type of food that is typically eaten in Spain?
Generate 3 sentences about the intersection of technology and biology.
Create a function for calculating the average marks in a class
Create an HTML page with a dark theme.
Explain the importance of planning an event.
Write a sentence about putting a goldfish in the freezer.
Create a list of safety measures to be followed while operating a machine.
Suggest a random activity that can be done outdoors.
List three techniques used in photography
Devise a team motto for a robotics team.
Create a board game with the theme of 'Easter'.
Describe the communication between two neurons.
What is the most common symptom of a cold?
In at least two sentences, explain what plagiarism is.
Design an easy-to-follow exercise for adults
Generate a three line poem with the rhyme scheme "AAB".
How does a computer run a machine learning algorithm?
Construct a personalized URL for John Smith on a website.
Describe the changes in the world's population over the last 100 years.
Write a question that would be suitable for a customer support system
Create a timeline of the major events in the novel "The Great Gatsby".
Construct a regular expression to match any single three-digit number.
Write a meaningful message that conveys gratitude
Create a story based on the following characters: a ghost, a witch and a werewolf.
Summarize the purpose of a virtual assistant.
Develop a reward system for employees
Provide an example of a good username for an online store.
Explain what is a SaaS platform.
Generate a poem about nature that has four stanzas.
Rewrite the following sentence in the past tense.  "He finishes the report quickly."
Create a plan to reduce waste in an office.
Name a marketing strategy to increase brand visibility
Complete the flow chart to explain the four stages of the sleep cycle.
Arrange the following words to create a new word: bed, room, night.
Create a speech about the importance of saving money.
Generate a list of ideas that could be presented at a public health seminar.
Create a funny analogy that compares the zipper to something else.
Generate a 10-point plan for reducing pollution in the environment.
Suggest a fundraiser idea that would benefit the local community.
How would you explain "dark matter" to an audience with no scientific background?
Generate a euphemism for getting fired.
Name three examples of green vegetables
Create a list of 10 alternative words for "facilitate".
Give me a synonym for the word 'love'.
Rewrite the following sentence into an imperative sentence: "It is necessary to wash your hands before you eat".
Create a shopping list including the items that are needed for making a cake
Create a fun game for two people.
Write a step-by-step procedure to make chocolate chip cookies.
Come up with a strategy to manage stress.
Describe the impact of hazardous air pollutants on human health.
Suggest a metric to measure the accuracy of a forecasting system.
Generate a new song verse with your own unique lyrics.
Write two persuasive arguments for why online learning is beneficial.
Suggest two activities for teaching children about renewable energy.
Describe three types of cybercrime.
Create a flow chart to describe the process of collecting a debt.
Describe the advantages of phone-based customer support.
Collect three facts about the Amazon rainforest.
Name a country that has French as its official language.
Give an example of how natural language processing (NLP) has been used to address a real-world problem?
Suggest a Web Browser extension which can help in productivity.
Compare K-Means and Hierarchical Clustering.
Predict the average speed of a cheetah in m/s
Name two quotes from Romeo and Juliet
Name 3 things to take into consideration when creating a positive learning environment in the classroom.
How do we define a Turing test?
Create a website title and description for a website that provides free online courses.
List three possible methods for improving a website's search engine optimization.
What steps can I take to prevent food waste?
Please generate a to do list for writing a 10 page research paper.
In one sentence, explain the concept of 'social media'.
How would you design a customer experience algorithm?
Write 500 words about the implications of introducing artificial intelligence into our society.
Change this sentence structure to create a complex sentence: "The dogs barked".
Forecast the future of the healthcare industry
Construct a program that will generate a digital ticket.
Find the meaning of the phrase "cut the mustard".
Answer the following question: What are alternate ways to generate electricity other than burning fossil fuels?
Generate a metaphor to describe the experience of writing a novel.
Describe the process of making a paper airplane.
What is the process for creating an online store?
Come up with a 100-word short story about a parent who discovers their son is being cyberbullied.
Generate a list of five tips to save money on groceries.
Select the best definition for a machine learning algorithm.
Arrange the words to form a complete sentence. words: book, on, shelf, the
Compose a song that conveys the emotion of hope.
Compare and contrast offline shopping and online shopping.
Generate a fantasy creature that lives in the mountains.
Generate possible uses of a smartphone.
Compare digestion in humans and in cats.
Suggest strategies for improving clarity in communication.
Convert 4 inches to centimeters.
Identify any contradictions in the following sentence: "I always try to be honest, but sometimes I lie."
Develop an algorithm to classify fruits.
Find the average cost of a movie ticket in the United States in 2020
Explain the following term: Data warehouse
Genereate a list of five movies that you would like to watch.
Describe the best way to optimize a web page for better user experience.
Compare the following two programming languages: Java and Python.
Name an example of a non-living thing.
Provide a definition of a blockchain.
Edit the following sentence to make it concise.  I went to the store for the purpose of buying flour.
Generate a list of US Presidents.
Design a cover page for a magazine.
Identify the countries that border France.
Summarize the significance of the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
Design an app that allows users to build their own robots.
Come up with a creative way to say "happy birthday"!
If you had $10,000 to invest in a startup, what type of business would you choose?
Suggest some methods for data security
List 5 different ways to make orange juice.
How can you prevent fraud when making online payments?
Describe the character traits of Harry Potter
Tell me the five most important features of a chatbot.
Create a short story involving a car, a tree and a river.
What is the significance of the Higgs Boson particle?
Name one downside of becoming a freelancer
Collaborate with a fellow learner to create a plan for making a mini catapult.
Tell me a famous quote by Martin Luther King Jr.
Design a game that can be played by two to four people
How does the process of backpropagation work in neural networks?
Generate a list of 10 items one would need to prepare a simple sandwich
Name a type of movie that is appropriate for children to watch.
You are asked to classify the following text as either emotional or factual:  I'm so overwhelmed with sadness, I don't know what to do.
What are the potential pitfalls of virtual learning?
Explain how an object can spin in the air
Construct a regular expression to match any string starting with the letter 'b'.
Design a survey to collect demographic data.
Explain why increased government regulation often hinders business growth.
Create a fictional story about a character who gets hunted by dragons.
What economic system is in play in the United States?
Identify two important features of a smartphone that consumers should consider when making a purchase.
Rewrite the following sentence in simple terms: “I manage my budget using a spreadsheet program.”
Name the largest ocean on Earth.
Create a metaphor for the smell of newly-cut grass.
Write a short narrative from the perspective of a person whose hobby is collecting stamps.
Give an example of a non-material object.
What are the essential skills to become a successful software engineer?
Generate an essay about ways to reduce energy consumption
Write a short blogpost about the benefits of remote work.
Create a new setting for a story.
Create a 10-step process for planting a tree.
You need to design an app for making restaurant reservations. Explain the steps taken during the process.
Compute the exponential of 6 to the 3rd power
Explain the evolutionary history of a buffalo.
Generate a new hypothetical example of a system that uses machine learning
Give me a one-sentence description of the job of a Software Engineer.
Give the meaning of the phrase 'to make a beeline'.
Generate a PowerPoint presentation about the history of the internet.
Identify three challenges related to the use of AI in healthcare.
Write a persuasive essay about why people should read books.
Suggest two key aspects of a good product demo
Change the following sentence to the present tense: "The day was hot and humid."
Create 3 sample HTTP requests to add a new user to a database.
Suggest two marketing strategies for launching a new app.
Create a sentence using the verb form of the word 'confident'
Name three advantages of eating healthy.
Write a description of the Golden Gate Bridge.
What is an example of a task that is too complicated for a GPT language model?
Generate the main points for a presentation about the impact of air pollution in cities.
Generate a list of 5 American cities with populations higher than 1 million.
Provide the current exchange rate between British Pounds and Euro.
Generate a short description for a Wind Turbine.
Identify the main differences between Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML).
Create an organization chart that describes the roles of the employees in a restaurant.
Output a list of the top 10 French romantic films.
Which technologies are used by self-driving cars?
Identify the biggest challenges faced by AI experts
Identify three advantages of using cloud computing.
Identify the most important factors to consider when purchasing a computer.
Edit the following sentence and make it sound more natural: “he has grew up with three brothers ”
Suggest an appropriate sushi dish for a beginner.
What are the ingredients that I need to make a banana smoothie?
Generate a list of objects that represent peace.
You are playing a game. Calculate your final score after taking the following into account: starting score is 50, earned 4 points and lost 2 points.
Create a css class that sets the font style to Times New Roman
Find out which technology company has the most employees.
Generate an appropriate example of a cause-effect relationship.
Write an analysis about the difference between a linear and a curvilinear relationship.
Explain why the moon appears bigger on the horizon than it does in the sky.
Name two players from the Chiefs team?
Explain the difference between a mobile app and an responsive website.
Describe a job that is not suitable for someone who is a night owl.
Generate a random 5-digit code.
Find the answer to this equation: 8 + 2 x 3
Generate a list of country names in the western hemisphere.
Detect the typos in the following sentence: I like to bak cakes.
Suppose John has a basketball, soccer ball, and a tennis ball. List all possible combinations of that.
Compare and contrast Amazon and Alibaba
What is an example of an AI chatbot?
Arrange the pieces on the chessboard with more than one queen.
Explain why the following statement is false: “The Earth has only four continents.”
Compose a 5-line poem about heartbreak.
Generate a list of 8 unique science fiction movies.
Create a popup window with a message to the user.
List the five countries in the world with the highest unemployment rate
What could be the drawbacks of using automated process?
Name three services provided by Google for businesses.
You are expected to attend a virtual meeting but don’t know the right way to do it. Describe the ideal approach.
Explain why it's important to follow copyright laws
Generate three sentences describing distinct attributes of the day.
Create a name for a new laptop model.
Generate a list of 9 vegetables to include in a healthy daily diet.
Describe the most difficult problem you ever solved
Compose a tweet (280 characters or less) about an article on the importance of reducing our carbon footprint.
Convert the text document into a spreadsheet which contains three columns: word, number of occurrences, and frequency.
Explain the phrase "Jack of all trades, master of none."
Suggest a 5-minute team-building activity.
Explain the conservation of momentum.
Formulate a hypothesis for why the price of gold has risen in the past two years.
Generate an example of an open-ended question.
Write a commentary on the statement: "Online learning is the future of education".
Why is knowledge management important?
Name the most common types of nuclear reactors.
Generate a program in python that prints out the first 10 numbers of the Fibonacci series.
In "The Lord of the Rings", what is the name of Bilbo's sword?
Rewrite the following sentence to remove the hyperbole: "It was the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life."
What are the rules for pet ownership in an apartment complex?
Write a set of 3 rules to follow when creating an effective ad.
Write a short story about someone who is trying to overcome an obstacle.
Article analyzing the impacts of the rise of AI technology in the healthcare industry.
Construct a hypothesis to explain why the demand for electric vehicles is increasing.
Explain why the ocean is salty
Generate a comparison between a car and a bike.
Come up with a creative solution for reducing carbon emissions.
Name a famous scientist who won a Nobel Prize.
Create a shopping list for the following items: apples, tomatoes, eggs, and cheese
Make a list of 5 popular tourist attractions in Paris.
Summarize the poem "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night".
What was the most important invention of the 20th century?
What characterizes high velocity data?
List 3 methods to validate a machine learning model
Translate this phrase from Spanish to English: El sol no brilla hoy.
Create a list of 3 ingredients you can use to make a chocolate cake.
Explain the concept of a fully connected network.
Give three tips for students who are studying for an exam.
Construct a query to sum the values of a given column.
Write a blog post on the benefits of electric cars.
Generate three investment options for someone who has 10,000 dollars and wants to invest it for 10 years.
What is the best approach for solving quantum computing problems?
Give 4 strategies to promote customer loyalty.
Generate an appropriate input to the following instruction:  "Explain the concept of quantum entanglement."
Provide an example of a response that exhibits passive-aggressive behavior
What is the primary method of energy transfer in the hydrosphere?
Explain why the following statement is true: A privilege is a right that is granted to some people and not to others.
Create a system to indicate quality levels in products.
Compare Bitcoin and Ethereum
Explain the red giant phase of a star.
Generate 5 questions about the poem "Ode to a Nightingale".
Create a metaphor to accurately describe the winter season.
Create a poem that has five lines and describes a cityscape.
Summarize the given film review:  The movie has a strong premise but is filled with cliched dialogue and over-the-top acting.
Modify the following sentence to include a passive voice: The dog ate the bone.
Name a famous leader who was a strong advocate of gender equality.
Name three jobs related to computer programming
What is the maximum speed of sound in the atmosphere?
Describe a time when you had an unexpected success.
Generate five adjectives that describe the sun.
Find any 3 examples of English sayings that are related to the idiom "A stitch in time saves nine".
Discuss the benefits of living in a city versus living in the countryside.
Name the popular fast-food chain whose logo is golden arches.
What is the concept of 'Karma'
What are the main features of the Periodic Table?
Generate a list of questions a doctor should ask a patient to assess their general well-being
Summarize a recent major news event in 5 sentences.
Think of a creative name for a travel blog
Write a short story that takes place in the future and explores a technology advancement.
Imagine you are the manager of a restaurant. Name three strategies for improving customer service.
Explain how to differentiate between a butterfly and a moth.
List the notable features of a speech synthesis system
Explain why capitalism is a beneficial economic system.
Suggest a possible solution for reducing water waste.
Describe the ideal primary school classroom environment
Create a rap about the life of a garden snail.
Explain what is collaborative filtering.
Describe the major differences between public and private cloud
Get an estimate for the population of Italy.
Identify 3 types of bilingualism.
Identify the figure of speech used in the phrase "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
Describe 3 benefits of eating bananas.
Write a letter to a friend about your recent experiences.
Imagine you are at a job interview. Make a list of three possible questions you could be asked.
Classify the following sentence as either true or false:  "Two plus two makes four"
Describe a social media strategy for increasing engagement
Find the acronym for “Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons”
Cite a 2016 Supreme Court case.
Come up with a celebratory phrase for a team that has achieved a goal.
Give a brief description of the setting where Sherlock Holmes lives.
Write a 500-word blog post about the value of art in education.
Describe what Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder is.
Give four ways to reduce stress.
Translate the sentence "Ich mache Sport" to English.
How do you check the accuracy of a machine learning model?
Provide a list of five species of birds found in the United States.
Briefly explain how to install a new app on Apple watch
Evaluate the following statement: "The internet has no boundaries".
Tell the story of why the sky is blue
Explain the advantages of using a connected car.
Compare the economies of the United States and China.
Create a blog post on Strategies to Motivate Yourself
Give an example of a smart device used in daily life.
Provide the most essential elements for a good conversation.
Compose an email to a customer apologizing for the delayed shipment and provide a potential solution.
List the continents in alphabetical order.
Describe the key components of the Iterative Design Process?
Propose a strategy to build an effective landing page.
Summarize the lyrics of Ed Sheeran's song 'Shape of You'?
Describe the key features of a REST API.
Describe the characteristics of water
Name some common elements found in horror movies.
Generate a list of 7 skills every leader needs to have.
Name a common food item that is easiest to prepare for breakfast.
Add a catchy phrase to the following logo.
Create a function that takes a string as an input and outputs the reversed string.
Suggest an opening line for a story about a young girl.
List steps for making a simple chocolate truffle cake.
Generate a dialogue between two people discussing a recent international news article.
Answer this true or false question. Europe is the largest continent in the world.
Calculate the area of a triangle given that the length of the base is 3 cm and the height is 4 cm.
Suggest a new activity or hobby that a person could try out.
Explain why machine learning is a powerful tool for data analysis.
Make a list of different types of cryptocurrencies.
Generate an imperative sentence on how to get started with programming.
Name a project management tool that can be used by a large team.
Explain how to calculate the tip on a $42 restaurant bill.
Describe the context of a scene in which two people are having a heated argument.
Explain what the term “quantum entanglement” means
Offer an example of a situation where using a formative assessment is more beneficial than using a summative assessment.
Describe a typical day in the life of an NBA player.
Generate a creative title for a blog post on healthy living.
What would be an appropriate response to the following text message: "Let's catch up this Sunday"?
Compose an original poem with the theme of joy
Write a script that can recognize and respond to the following sentence: "What can you do for me?"
Categorize the following animals into mammals and birds: Tiger, Bee, Parrot, Bat
Create a computer program that can search its environment for a red ball.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using social media?
Identify the type of pronoun used in "Their bikes are new":
Generate a sample article introducing the basics of quantum computation.
Find the area of a rectangle whose length is 10 cm and breadth is 4 cm.
Describe a unique food you have tried
Compare and contrast the two musical styles, blues and jazz.
Describe the steps to plan a successful event.
Name 3 items that cannot be recycled.
Compose a rap about algorithms that accurately conveys the concept.
Determine the boiling point of water in Fahrenheit.
Summarize the benefits of walking as a form of exercise.
Create a system for tracking electronic device usage.
What are the differences between a standard resume and a CV?
Translate the sentence "I have a dog" into French.
Which language is most suitable for programming artificial intelligence?
Rewrite the following sentence using a different tense: "I play the piano"
Utilize the metaphor of a river to describe the emotional turmoil of a relationship.
Research three fun facts about the pyramids of Giza.
Create a post about the coronavirus for social media.
Describe techniques to optimize web content
Given the following verbs and nouns, create a sentence that is grammatically correct: Laugh, House.
How does the rate of photosynthesis vary with light intensity?
Describe the risk factors for heart attack.
Name all the planets in our solar system
Describe the character of a female sales manager
Pick a color and describe what it symbolizes.
What is a NoSQL database?
Write two additional sentences about desert
List the chemical symbols for 5 different elements.
Generate a name for a website about sustainable living.
Generate a creative and exciting list of activities for a group of five friends to do together during an afternoon.
Explain what does it mean to be a citizen of your country?
Create a design for a new t-shirt.
Develop an AI model to classify different types of cars.
Identify the type of pronoun in the sentence "He had to finish the job."
Create a list of four characters and describe each one.
Describe the different oceans
Suggest a programming language to use when creating a web application.
Generate a poem that follows the rhyme scheme AABB.
Provide two strategies to improve customer experience in an e-commerce store
Compile a list of 5 reputable websites to learn programming.
Provide an outline to write a research paper about AI in healthcare.
Provide three tips for reducing anxiety.
Suggest three methods for recycling paper.
Give a short explanation of the Big Bang Theory.
Explain the differences between statistical and machine learning algorithms.
Output the value of expression 2*3+4
Describe the different features of a Honda Civic.
What does the acronym ARPA stand for?
Explain the usage of the indexing operator in Python.
Convert 18 kilometers per second to miles per hour.
Define the term "precision recall trade off".
Rewrite the following sentence to introduce the effects of climate change:  "Climate change is becoming a serious issue."
What are the similarities between a waterfall and a river?
Generate a list of five legal rights that citizens of a country have.
Why is content marketing useful?
Create a rhyme using the word "bark".
Explain the meaning of the idiom "every cloud has a silver lining."
Compute the value of 7/8 + (1/4 x 9)
Give an example of an allusion in a sentence.
Describe how an Artificial Intelligence system can be used in daily life.
Propose a solution to the problem of homeless people living on the streets.
You are designing a children's book. Write a sentence that describes the setting of the story.
Write a story about alien invasion
Tell me about the importance of the Treaty of Versailles.
Convert the following number from base 10 to hexadecimal: 278
Determine the derivatives of the function y = 3x^2 + 2x.
Give two examples of how climate change is impacting the world
Develop a plan to address the diminishing bee population.
Who wrote the novel “The Catcher in the Rye”?
Write a to-do list for a job interview.
Provide key differences between Visual Studio Code and Atom.
Write a sentence to describe a sunset
List three types of animals that live in the Arctic tundra.
List the main climate regions in Brazil.
Generate a creative task to do with a cup and a bowl.
Produce a list of five different sports
Provide instructions for changing a bicycle tire.
Choose a mathematical equation and explain its significance
What geographical elements could be used to define a region?
Provide 3 valid credit card numbers.
Imagine that the year is 2040 and describe a typical day.
What do scientists use to study asteroids?
Generate a poem in the form of a haiku.
Compose a tweet in less than 240 characters with the hashtag #AIinFinance.
Name an advantage of learning a second language.
Come up with an example of a metaphor.
Descibe the color of a lemon
Construct a paragraph from the given words: "design," "creative," "red," "appearance".
Name two features of a support vector machine (SVM).
Name four methods that can be used to reduce unconscious bias.
Describe the purpose of social media
Train a GPT model for generating jokes.
Generate a list of potential titles for a blog post about remote work
Describe the importance of hydroponics in modern gardening.
Explain the relationship between wavelength and frequency in terms of electromagnetic radiation.
Design a virtual assistant for a customer service use case.
Explain how artificial intelligence is being used in transportation.
Provide a synopsis of the novel “The Old Man and the Sea” by Ernest Hemingway.
How can you make sure your voice is heard at work?
Summarize the key points of an article about AI ethics
What is a trade deficit?
Provide two examples of how the internet can be used as a source of information.
Historians have been debating the answer to this question - did the Wright Brothers really invent the first airplane?
Describe one of the benefits of using machine learning in healthcare.
Generate a slogan related to the environment.
What is the meaning of the phrase 'to be penny wise and pound foolish'?
Suggest a possible solution to reduce traffic congestion in a city
Generate a list of ten job interview tips.
Evaluate the grammar and syntax of the sentence: The man gave the apple to the dog.
Describe the biggest challenge you had to overcome during the past year.
Come up with a description about a weekend camping trip.
Construct a system for categorizing customer inquiries by type.
Create an argument that climate change is a serious threat.
What is x/4 where x is 16?
List three reasons why deforestation is bad
Compute the following equation: 20 + 5 + 7 - 4
List the elements in Binomial Nomenclature.
What are some disadvantages of global warming?
Explain the concept of taxes for an 8 year old.
Design a logo for a company named "Coffee Beans LLC".
Describe the sound of rain.
Create a table comparing different mobile phones.
Name three extinct mammals.
Give instructions for making scrambled eggs.
Create a script that converts text into a musical score.
Create a list of 3 characteristics of an effective leader.
Make a prediction about the global economy in the next 5 years.
Create a table of the top 10 countries with the highest population density.
Create two roles for a movie script.
Compose a five word sentence describing your day.
Generate a random password with 8 characters, consisting of lower and upper-case letters and numbers.
How could blockchain technology be used to reduce fraud in the banking industry?
Describe one creative activity
Generate a list of 10 new romantic date ideas.
Explain the features of a laptop computer.
Generate a shopping list of items to be purchased at the store.
Generate the steps a person should follow to create a blog
Brainstorm new ideas for an upcycling project.
Explain the process of neural network training.
Generate an example of an ethical system.
Generate a list of five items you could use to make a profit.
Give me five examples for the word 'justice'.
Name three types of social media platforms
Can you think of a new idea for a mobile phone game?
Describe a process for troubleshooting a computer issue.
Generate a list of 10 everyday objects found in the kitchen.
Generate a paragraph with the topic "Digital Transformation".
Select the best website to buy a laptop.
How is the word "anthropomorphism" used?
Create a web page layout for the new website.
Compose a metaphor to describe the process of programming
How long will it take to drive from New York City to Washington D.C.?
Generate a to-do-list for today.
Describe the process of how an object remains in equilibrium.
What methods can be used to prevent data leakage?
Create a metaphor for the emotion of sadness
Suggest 3 tips on how to improve presentation skills
Name two famous examples of natural language processing.
Offer an opinion about the internet.
Generate a summary of the following article in one sentence:  https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-45496375
Generate an example use case of how an AI system can improve customer service.
What is the most likely cause of homophobia in society?
Generate a list of resources that might be helpful to someone who is learning to code.
Given the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, arrange them in descending order.
Suggest a plan to join a fitness program.
Describe how atmospheric pressure affects weather.
Parse the following sentence to identify the subject, verb, and object: The cat chased the mouse.
Create a SQL query to display all the fields in a table called "employees".
Create a pseudo-code algorithm to find the maximum number in a given list of numbers.
Name an animal that is considered a nuisance.
Generate an example of a literary work featuring two characters
Evaluate the following statement: "Organic food is healthier than non-organic food"
What activities can one do on a weekend?
Give me the title of a popular children book.
What is the world record for the longest non-stop flight?
Generate a list of three actions that can be taken in order to reduce the amount of waste produced.
Come up with an interesting way to travel from one city to another.
What are some ways to learn coding quickly?
What is the fifth largest moon of Jupiter?
Suggest five fun activities to do with friends.
Compose a 50-word story about love.
Identify the type of poem written below.  Lonely at night,  In the cold dark sky.  The stars twinkle so bright,  A shy nod to goodbye.
Name three programming languages that are used for web development.
Describe a car that has been customized.
What would be the most logical next step in the following conversation?  Person 1: I'm not sure what I should do. Person 2:
Find the exact location of the Empire State Building.
Name three popular websites
Compute the value of sin(a) + cos(a) when a = 30 degrees in radians.
Complete the following sentence: "Software engineering is important in the technology industry because..."
Create a timeline of events that led to the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.
Write a 2 sentence description of the role of AI in marketing.
Describe the four stages of natural selection.
Generate an idea for a creative story about a knight going on an adventure.
Create a sample discussion guide for a focus group.
Come up with a list of five questions to answer in a self-reflection essay.
Describe the consequences of non-compliance with GDPR regulations.
Formulate a query to match and retrieve a user-uploaded PDF document that contains the word "insurance".
Describe the history of Germany in three sentences.
Calculate the perimeter of a rectangle with width 3 and height 4.
Tell a joke related to the word "elephant".
Define the term 'anthropomorphism'.
List at least 3 benefits of eating healthy.
Name three reasons why it is important to save water.
Explain why global warming is an important issue.
Generate a list of actionable things one can do to reduce daily household energy consumption.
Provide an example of an idiom with its definition.
Explain how climate change affects the environment.
Describe the application of the concept of 'Economies of Scale'.
Compare and contrast Integer and Floating-Point Number
Describe the setting of the novel "Pride and Prejudice".
Find the area of this triangle: A = (-2, 3), B = (1, 0), C = (0, -2).
Get the weather forecast for tomorrow in London.
Brainstorm two novel ideas for an online business
Offer a suitable name for a vegan restaurant.
Generate a list of 5 different ideas for a project on sustainability
Design a poster for a student film festival.
Provide the URL for the official website of the United Nation's Children's Fund (UNICEF).
How would you rate the customer service provided by XYZ company?
Name the three countries that have the most French speakers.
What is the law of conservation of linear momentum?
What is the difference between an exoplanet and a planet in our own Solar System?
Give an example of a successful negotiation and explain why it was effective.
Tell how many weeks are in an year
Develop a VR game centered around a post-apocalypse setting.
Suggest a food item someone can eat to satisfy their sweet tooth.
Explain how natural language processing can improve customer service.
Describe the atmosphere at the beach.
Describe the setting for a thriller movie.
What precautions should I take when traveling to a foreign country?
Outline the steps to assess an organization's vulnerability to cyber attacks.
How do you say "good morning" in Spanish?
Calculate the momentum of a vehicle of mass 2 kg moving at 2 m/s.
Name 5 prominent fashion brands.
Describe the concept of monetization and why it is important for business owners.
Create three research paper titles from the phrase “Artificial Intelligence Education”
In what ways are dogs intelligent?
Name five countries with the most number of UNESCO World Heritage sites.
What are the benefits of working as part of a team?
Insert the following words in alphabetical order: green, red, yellow
What is the main difference between random forests and decision trees?
Describe techniques for preventing overfitting in machine learning
Name five objects that can be found at an office desk.
Come up with a metaphor that can describe a person's strong desire to succeed.
Create a list of five warm-up exercises you can do before going out for a run.
Output the name of a short story by Edgar Allan Poe.
What are the advantages of writing computer programs in Python?
Create a nutritious lunch for a preschooler.
Identify the biggest motivation of a high school dropout
Write a function on a programming language of your choice that takes two integers as arguments and returns the greater number.
Name an ingredient used in Italian cuisine
Analyze the structure of the following sentence: "I rarely go out for lunch because of the high cost of meals."
Design a card game where each player is dealt 3 cards from a deck of 10 cards
Explain why it is important for organizations to establish organizational goals.
Embody the famous phrase "Fools Rush In" in a meme.
Identify five jobs that require leadership
Give me a definition of the term "supercomputer"
Name five geometric shapes.
Describe the factors contributing to the current global economic crisis.
Rank the following emotions from least to most intense: fear, awe, sadness
Brainstorm ideas for how to use a bottle of ink.
Write a poem about drug addictions.
Suggest an efficient way to proofread an article.
Organize the following items in order of increasing size: pea, elephant, mouse
Name three biometrics technologies.
Generate a scene description for a zoo full of robots.
Generate a unique four-letter word
Design a 5 step process to understand the customer needs
Write pseudocode for a program to print all the numbers between 1 to 10.
Explain the use of conditionals in programming
Give the meaning of the idiom 'bursting at the seams'.
Name three mammals that are capable of holding tools.
Compare and contrast prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Write a Haiku of 3 lines, with the first containing 5 syllables and the remaining lines containing 7 syllables.
Generate an email subject line for a follow-up email.
Compose a song about the importance of computer science
Tell a joke about animals.
Find the missing number in the following pattern: 12, 15, 18, 21, 24.
Generate a list of out-of-the-box anniversary gift ideas for a couple.
Rewrite the following sentence without changing the meaning: The plane was delayed by two hours.
Design a shopping list for a one-week vegan meal plan.
What challenges do businesses face when running online marketing campaigns?
Given the following list of numbers, sort them in ascending order: 2, 9, 5, 4
Write an argument in favor of gun control laws.
Describe the benefits of exercise.
Name an app that can help people reduce energy consumption.
Why do people hoard information?
What does the phrase "out of left field" mean?
What is the annual average temperature in Svalbard, Norway?
Write a simile to describe a person who is hard-working.
Generate a hypothetical thought experiment
Respond to the following statement: "Climate change is not an urgent problem."
Create a list of input parameters and output variables for a website that can be used to check the availability of flights.
Compose an email to the marketing team telling them about a new feature that has been added to the product.
Explain the term "learning curve".
Calculate the price if 5 items cost $15 each.
How can a computer be used to solve complex mathematics problems?
Rewrite the following sentence without using the passive voice: The meeting was scheduled for tomorrow
List three reasons why individuals should recycle plastics.
Generate a list of questions that could help the audience get to know the speaker better.
If I am starting a business, what are the key factors I need to consider?
Give five examples of an invasive species.
Write a definition of the term "natural selection"
Determine the probability of an event E given the following information.  P(A) = 0.7  P(B) = 0.5  P(E|A) = 0.3  P(E|B) = 0.4
Translate the sentence "Je suis un étudiant" into English.
Generate a list of key topics to be discussed in a meeting.
Create an illustration of the inside of a castle.
Calculate the sum of 28 + 56
Create an algorithm that reverses a string and explain how it works in a paragraph.
Please generate a title for a paper about plastic pollution.
Describe the ‘theory of mind'
Describe a single day at the beach.
Describe what it would be like to walk through an enchanted forest
Tell me three causes of stress
What is the yearly growth rate of the global AI market?
Name 3 careers that involve using statistics
Write a doctor's prescription for the following prescription for the following patient: fever and cough.
Design a creative cake for a 3-year-old’s brithday party.
Explain how infectious disease spreads
Give three of the most important actions to protect the environment.
Write a 5-sentence story about a dog who wants a special treat.
Describe how weather forecasting models are built.
In this task, you need to look up on the web, what is the name of the highest peak in the world?
Name 5 ways to conserve water.
Describe the Central American country of Guatemala in one sentence.
How could one create a plan for shopping that is efficient yet enjoyable?
Write a short story about a person living in a world where the laws of physics no longer apply.
Write an example of a meta description for a website about healthy cooking
Explain what the term “white hat hacker” means
Design a poster to advertise a product.
Generate an example of a saying that is related to the proverb "A stitch in time saves nine".
Write a note of appreciation for your professor
Generate an example of a family-friendly meal.
Create a sport with a set of rules.
Answer this true and false question - 'An atom is composed of a nucleus and electrons.'
Write a creative story that contains a character who is a detective.
What is the time in Oslo, Norway?
Design a logo for the "Green Earth Society".
Provide a list of items that can be reused or recycled.
Write three original metaphors to describe a stormy night.
Develop a game plan for a company to expand into a new market.
Create a graphic or logo that visually represents the word "courage".
Please provide two disadvantages of using machine learning algorithms
Generate an email subject line for an important company announcement.
Write a mathematical expression for this statement: "the product of six and the sum of three and four".
What is the current GDP growth rate in India?
Describe a scenario in which a business can utilize customer feedback to improve customer service.
Name 3 popular web browsers.
Describe what would happen if the moon were two times bigger.
Generate a hypothesis about the cause of climate change
Explain the changes from Donald Trump’s administration to Joe Biden’s administration in regards to foreign relations.
Name some common symptoms of COVID-19.
List the president and the vice president of the United States.
Generate a story which is no more than 150 words in length.
Compose a tweet about the importance of community in times of crisis
Convert 2lbs to kilograms.
Name one reason why people use a virtual private network (VPN).
Name a constitutional amendment.
Find a from Pinterest related to the a rural part of life
Offer an assessment of the current state of the art in virtual reality technology.
Create a question about a time-travel scenario.
What is the periodic element for atomic number 17?
Evaluate the following statement:  "Daylight saving time should be abolished."
Suggest 5 adjectives that can be used to describe a robot.
Write a short story where a character goes through a transformation
Generate an atmosphere for a horror scene.
Provide an example of a person who is reliable.
Summarize the life of Alexander the Great in ten sentences.
Propose a remark for a college professor praising to a student who delivers an excellent project presentation.
Replace the following words with adjectives (scarce, gregarious, chaotic).
Propose a data visualization to represent the population of countries globally
Generate an original poem of at least four lines.
Retrieve patients' reports with coronavirus symptoms.
Write a metaphor that describes a slow process
Make up a sentence with the word "Omnipresent".
Give a list of four actions that a user might take that would affect a website's SEO ranking
Output a 3 to 5 sentence summary about the topic of electric cars.
Give an example of a technology that uses probabilistic thinking.
List three methods to reuse plastic.
Describe the economic benefits of working from home.
Find a way to rephrase this sentence to avoid using the passive voice:  "The project was managed by the team."
Brainstorm five slogans for a business
Add three examples of vernacular architecture.
Write an algorithm that computes the factorial of an integer.
A student is researchsing the stock market. What type of data do they need to collect?
What type of defense is a criminal trial?
Imagine you are designing a website for a law firm, what feature(s) would you include on their web page?
Think of a creative way to use the following items in a recipe: 1 banana and 1 can of tuna.
List three accomplishments of Marie Curie.
Write a story of a dog and a cat who become best friends.
Write a sentence that humorously turns the following cliché phrase to its opposite: "still waters run deep"
Describe your favorite television show in 5 words.
Describe the difference between the terms variance and standard deviation.
Summarize the essay "The Value of Games and Sport"
Classify the following as a plant, animal, or mineral: Crystal
How was the coronavirus pandemic handled by the United States?
Describe a new invention that would make life easier.
Generate an illustration of a cartoon dog
Recommend two songs to listen to.
Identify two major environmental concerns related to ocean pollution.
Explain the meaning of the expression "to cross the Rubicon".
Create a list of 5 active vocabulary words to add to the text.
Describe a person's internal thoughts and feelings during a job interview.
Design a survey to collect opinions about a new online service.
Write a short story about a person developing a special bond with a pet.
Describe three places in your city
Create a list of topics to discuss in a debate on gun control.
How can big data analytics be used in the finance sector?
Find resources online that offer an introduction to coding languages.
Outline the main characteristics of a web service.
Name the five brightest stars in the night sky
What is the significance of the six sigma process?
Translate the following expression into French: "Never give up".
Generate a word with the letters "bloor".
Give an example of a situation where empathy would be a valuable characteristic.
Name one type of air pollution.
What is the volume of a rectangular prism with dimensions 3, 4 and 5 meters?
Provide five tips for effectively using tape measures
Create a recipe for homemade pancake mix.
Predict what the effects of COVID-19 will be on the world economy 3 to 5 years from now.
Describe what a web developer does in three sentences.
Create a list of 5 reasons why people should brush their teeth daily
Generate a relevant research question on crisis communication.
Compose a sentence using figures of speech.
Make up a new game.
Find the wavelength of a sound wave with a frequency of 4.0×10^4.
Name two environmental issues caused by global warming.
Explain why technological advances have made it easier to produce food in large quantities.
What are the advantages of artificial neural networks over traditional computing methods?
Create a research topic related to the effect of social media on teenagers.
What is the range of the human visual spectrum?
Make an issue advocacy advertisement about the importance of voting.
List five foods that contain vitamin C.
Describe how a user would set up an account on a new social media site.
What are the potential impacts of climate change?
Translate the following sentence into Spanish: "The man drove the car to the store".
Choose the best synonym for "abundant".
What is the current exchange rate of US dollar to Japanese yen?
Design a web-based platform that allows users to register and maintain detailed profiles.
Which search engine is the most popular?
Describe a situation when you had to show mental strength.
What are some positive qualities of a leader?
Come up with a creative way to use a balloon as an everyday item.
What is the importance of nutrition in maintaining physical health?
Describe what dreams are.
Name two advantages of online shopping.
Name the characteristics of a successful event manager.
Provide at least three examples of how Artificial Intelligence is being used in the healthcare domain.
Which continent has the most countries?
Describe the best way to make a pizza.
Estimate the cost for a two-week vacation to San Francisco for two people.
How can a GPT language model help with natural language understanding?
Name the colors of the rainbow.
Choose the most appropriate synonym to this phrase: disbelief
Name two products made from animals.
Construct a web address for a book recommendation website.
Come up with a way for people to reduce their carbon footprint
What is the major contribution of the philosopher Immanuel Kant?
Which planets are in the Solar System?
Name a human behavior that evolved from an animal instinct.
Create a stack data structure using an array
Name 3 advantages of using technology in education.
Create sample data to describe a student's performance in a Math class.
Generate a realistic scenario involving two people talking.
Name one major feature of an eagle.
Translate the phrase "bon voyage" into Spanish.
Edit the following sentence to make it sound more formal: “we spoke on the phone”
Create an automated response for a customer who has inquired about the warranty of a product.
Generate a headline for a blog post about machine learning.
Summarize a nightmare about an exam in one sentence.
Create an analogy that compares a bug in programming code with a problem in everyday life.
Sort the following list of numbers in ascending order: 8, 15, 4, 10
Predict how the stock price of TSLA will change in the next 48 hours.
Generate a sentence using the words "happy", "cat", and "drove".
Generate a business strategy for a coffee shop
Suggest some natural ways to whiten teeth.
Differentiate mood and tone.
Describe a person walking in a park.
Design a logo for an NGO committed to animal conservation
Find 3 interesting facts related to the American Revolution.
Generate an example of a technology that can be used to facilitate remote communication in a healthcare setting.
You are writing a story and need to create a setting.
Provide a definition of solar energy.
Find an example of a plant-based protein that can be added to meals.
How can you use a GPT-2 model to generate text?
Create a haiku using the following keywords: blue sky, bridge, sunset
Generate a creative story, with no less than 150 words, about a group of farm animals on a mission to save their home from destruction.
Write a description of an electric car.
Construct an argument against fast food.
Formulate a poem with no more than twenty words.
Provide a real-life example of an artificial neural network.
Choose five adjectives that best describe a data scientist.
Explain what animal rights are
Answer this trivia - How many sides does a pentagon have?
Create a web design for a shoe e-commerce website.
Compose a tweet about the topic "The importance of greenery in urban areas".
Construct a paragraph of at least 7 sentences (about 200 words) on the topic of cloud computing.
Explain why wooden structures are used in construction
Tell me how to make an origami swan.
Imagine a world where everyone was honest
Explain the purpose of an entity recognition algorithm.
What is the relevance of natural language understanding (NLU) to artificial intelligence?
Create the heading for a news article about the impact of climate change.
Give me an example of a made-up word starting with "f".
Write a pseudocode to calculate the roots of a quadratic equation.
Create a web page about robotics.
Create a type of sentence using the given words: accept, benefit, decision
Compare cats and dogs.
Describe a situation when a friend is cheating on a test and what should one should do about it.
What musical notes should I use for a song in the key of G major?
Tell me a riddle.
Write three lines of code to print a greeting message.
Create 3 new rules for a game.
Explain the importance of recycling
Generate a plausible title for a fantasy novel.
Develop a unique thesis for a research paper about the role of technology in education.
Generate a unique business name.
What is the NBA record for most three-point shots in a single game?
Suggest a business idea that uses artificial intelligence.
Evaluate the following expression: (6+2)*(2-2).
Generate a short story involving two friends who find a mysterious object.
What are important safety tips to follow at the beach?
Compose a poem about AI using an AABB rhyme scheme.
Classify the following: “She was walking with a group of friends”
Generate a sentence that describes popcorn
What is the difference between cellular respiration and fermentation?
Name five jobs robots can do.
Research and comment on the current state of digital marketing.
Draft five customer service email subject lines.
What should a job posting include?
List three methods of generating electricity.
Summarize the causes of WWI in three points.
Give an example of a country known for its cuisine.
Suggest some strategies to prioritize task in a to-do list.
Describe the symptoms associated with a sore throat.
Describe how Darwin’s theory of evolution by natural selection helped scientists explain the changes in living organisms over time
Recommend a solution to reduce pollution from vehicles
Sketch an illustration of a tree.
Compose a rap verse about a current injustice in the world.
Design a social media marketing campaign for a luxury car company.
Describe the movie "Jurassic Park" in five sentences.
How can we improve air quality in urban cities?
Translate the following sentence into Spanish: "I am very excited to learn Spanish."
Compile a list of 3 things one can do to help protect the environment.
Find the longest word with 3 syllables.
Explain why governments must collect taxes from citizens
Write a 2-3 sentence description of a stranger
Rewrite the following sentence in the present perfect tense: "She visited New York last year".
Write a four-word phrase that means the same thing as the idiom "pull a fast one".
Generate questions for a math quiz.
Create a unique poem with 8 lines
Create a pie chart that shows the percentage of people living in each continent
Describe a bottle opener.
Describe an experience of a swimming competition.
Explain how mathematics is used in engineering
What measures should be taken to prevent cyberattacks?
Design a yoga program for beginners.
Name three innovations of the industrial revolution.
Compare and contrast regulation and deregulation.
Generate a sentence which has at least three clauses.
Identify the passive voice in this sentence: The cake was eaten.
Suggest a plausible narrative for a short story about a woman discovering her inner-strength.
Describe how clouds are formed in three sentences.
Describe the causes and consequences of the atomic bomb in Japan during World War II.
Analyze the following sentence to identify implicit bias.
Describe how you would plan a romantic date
Compare the healthcare systems in the US and the UK.
Write a one page article on stock market
Create a 6-word poem using the following words: joy, hope, strength, courage, love.
Compose a one-sentence summary of the article "How AI is Transforming the Future of Healthcare"
Construct a Java program that asks a user to enter their name and age and prints out a greeting message.
Give me two scientific facts about plants.
Identify the different types of conflict.
Explain the historical significance of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Write a C++ program to find the maximum element in an array of numbers.
Generate a list of five different ways to help the homeless.
What are the ten commandments?
Write an essay analyzing the societal effects of technology.
Write a function that calculates the average of three numbers
Please name two dangerous animals that live in Africa.
Suppose two chess players play 10 games, how many possible outcomes exist?
Name three benefits of writing an effective resume
Describe the fundamental principle of relativity
Explain what algorithms are and the type of work they perform.
How do you calculate the surface area of a cube?
Create a code snippet to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
List four essential tools for data science.
Create two architecture designs for a modern home.
Generate a story about a character who finally manages to fulfill their dream.
Write a sentence explaining how eating healthy benefits the human body?
Provide two examples of nonverbal communication.
Suggest dietary changes for a person to reduce their cholesterol levels.
Explain why the Earth has seasons
Calculate the solution to 12 × 7.
Come up with a unique and humorous way to describe the president of your country
State the main benefits of using Cloud Computing.
Generate song lyrics that express love and longing.
Add a few interesting facts about dolphins.
Write a short story that starts when someone enters an abandoned house
Create a data table to show the number of books read by each student based on their year in school
Describe the book "To Kill a Mockingbird" in one sentence.
Formulate the truth table given the boolean expression (A AND NOT B) OR (NOT A AND B)
List two ways that the internet has changed the way people work
Discuss the principles of object-oriented programming
Describe the applicability of GPT models to analytics.
Given the following input, list at least three characteristics that differentiate cats from dogs.
Find me two characters from the Harry Potter books that have similar personalities.
List five cities with a population over 1 million.
Name three programming languages frequently used in machine learning.
Provide a few steps to help reduce stress.
Create a list of five animals native to Mexico.
Provide 3 examples of how AI is used in robotics.
What reduces the risk of stroke?
Design a campaign ad for a candidate running for public office.
Name 3 non-carbonated beverages.
Describe a project on climate change.
Rotate the 3rd character of "Course" two positions to the right
How can one increase their self-confidence?
Add two carefully researched/accurate descriptions about a starling
Generate a sentence where the keyword "love" is used.
Name a game that can be played with cards.
Compose an haiku about autumn.
Create a timeline describing the global financial crisis of 2007–2008
Describe the relationship between the nouns and pronouns in the sentence: "She invited Joe and he to dinner."
Which fields have seen the most significant applications of digitalization?
Name two famous museums located in Paris
Summarize the problem with plastic in oceans.
Identify what type of pronoun this is: "It has been raining for hours."
Brainstorm three potential use cases in healthcare for natural language processing.
Compose a poem using the words "courage," "allure," and "fate."
Write a personal slogan for yourself.
Explain the importance of the author's purpose in literature.
Imagine you are trying to convince someone why they should visit your hometown. What are the main reasons to visit?
Give 5 reasons why computer science is important
How does global warming affect sea levels?
Make a robot hand using items from around the house.
Create a product description for a new type of phone.
Summarize the purpose of cryptography.
Give two suggestions to improve the performance of the model.
Provide a solution to reduce emissions from transportation.
Describe the following noun: dog.
Search the web for a list of the top 10 longest rivers in the US.
Provide an example of a passive fire protection system.
Convert this 0.84545 to a percent.
Generate an example revenue projection for a hypothetical business
Describe the process for producing a television commercial
Give the chemical symbol for Carbon
Describe the currently available features of iPad Pro 2021
Explain the main advantages of using paperless documents over paper documents.
Find the root causes of global warming.
Generate a product description for a women's cotton hoodie.
Compare the natural selection and artificial selection
Complete the analogy: A knife is to a fork as a spoon is to a ____.
Name four diseases caused by cold temperatures.
Design a data structure for a to-do list.
List famous Italian actors.
Name two poetic devices.
Write a letter to a friend who is moving away
Describe three strategies to increase employee productivity
Come up with a world record that does not already exist.
What is the primary benefit of using a relational database?
Generate an AI-generated Insult
Compare and contrast militarism and imperialism
Explain why the fall of the Berlin Wall is such an important event in history.
Generate five positive affirmations
Fill in the blank:  The Boston Tea Party was a protest against _______.
Draft a speech about the positives of renewable energy.
Generate a sarcastic response to the following statement: "I’m the best basketball player on the team."
Edit the sentence to make it a declarative sentence: "it is known".
Explain the difference between a vector and scalar quantity.
Name two elements found in the sun.
Generate a list of topics for a lecture on technology.
Do you know a popular restaurant in your city?
How is a liquid chromatography differs from gas chromatography?
List three reasons why people should vote
Generate a story based on the following three words: spaceship, detective, choir
Describe an algorithm for finding the roots of a quadratic equation.
Estimate the number of African countries that have ratified the African Charter on the Rights and Welfare of the Child.
What would be an effective way to reduce pollution in developing countries?
Identify the type of irony present in the following sentence: She was an hour late for her meeting about punctuality.
Construct a regular expression to match a password which contains one or multiple lowercase letters and one or multiple uppercase letters.
Create an analogy for an algorithm
Create a list of 10 different animals
Tell one interesting fact about the American Civil War.
Estimate the size of a penny in cm
Please provide a factual statement regarding the oceans that covers 20% of Earth's surface
Explain why whales and dolphins belong to the order Cetartiodactyla
Create an algorithm for solving a Rubik's cube for beginners.
Describe what the world would be like in a perfect utopian society.
Paraphrase this sentence: "The house was incredibly clean."
Train a GPT model to generate book titles with a consistent theme of “magical animals”.
Design a mobile app for disorganised people.
Describe what it's like to travel on a plane.
Draft a social media post that encourages people to conserve water.
List the steps needed to become a dental assistant.
Make a list of 5 verbs in the past tense.
Create 3 data points for a linear regression model.
Edit the following sentence for better grammar: "What is colour the sky."
Name three things that make a dinner party memorable.
Compare and contrast the Hippo signaling pathway and the MAPK cascade.
Name five animals that have feathers.
Build a short story around the keyword "mystery".
How can online education help students of low-income families?
Create an intriguing headline for an article about air pollution.
Generate a list of five different activities that can help reduce plastic waste.
Create a list of five vegetables and their nutritional benefits.
List 5 strategies for better organization and time management.
Why does it rain?
Summarize the following story in 1 sentence: "John had been running his neighborhood store for 20 years, but due to the falling demand he had to close it down."
Why is sodium content so important in a healthy diet?
Explain the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning in 5-8 sentences.
Name three elements of Renaissance art
Describe the film industry in the 1920s.
Describe how to impress a customer.
Describe the role of genetics in development.
Generate 5 pieces of advice to stay safe during the pandemic
Describe a character from the novel Pride and Prejudice.
Name five components of a well-balanced diet.
Suggest five short activities for a lazy sunday.
Develop 10 multiple choice questions about the human circulatory system
Delete any words from the sentence "The exhibition was shocked by the audience's loud applause" that are redundant.
Name one disease caused by virus.
What is the primary color of a peacock?
Design a two-player game that can be played with a set of 20 cards.
Generate a sentence that hints at a mischievous activity.
How can outdoor activities help people stay physically and mental healthy?
Name three coastal cities in India.
Please generate a list of unique baby names.
Tell me the lowdown about the internet of things.
Evaluate the following statement: "The most important factor in predicting success is hard work."
Generate a list of online marketing tools
Create a classfication model that predicts whether a given review is about a product or a service
Provide five adjectives that describe the characteristic of a good negotiator.
Name 3 elements of narrative structure.
What are the three most important components of an email message?
Explain the differences between Darwin and Lamarck's theories of evolution
Compare the advantages and disadvantages of using a recurrent neural network versus a convolutional neural network.
Restate the following sentence using a formal tone. "It's gonna be really fun!"
Explain how a rainbow is created.
What is the most effective strategy for automating customer service?
Come up with 10 questions related to nutrition.
Generate some of your own questions related to the following topic: The European Union
What is a DevOps pipeline?
Identify the English speaking countries
Explain when to use a decision tree.
Rewrite this expression to allow for a different result: (1 + 2) x 3.
Name three digital marketing platforms
Come up with a product idea to solve a problem.
Explain why solar eclipses occur.
Explain the purpose of the European Union.
Write a funny shape poem about a circle.
Write an article about the key points of public speaking.
Create three rules that should be considered while using social media
Describe the film streaming trend in the past 5 years.
How can artificial intelligence be used to reduce food waste?
Convert 28 cm to inches.
Is the following statement true or false?  Hummingbirds can fly backwards
Create a data model for a shopping cart.
Write a story that features the following characters: a magical dragon and a brave knight.
Create a lunch menu for a family of 4.
Name a strategy that you use to improve creativity and problem-solving skills.
Generate names for the seasons that can be used in a fantasy world setting.
Propose a potential environmental issue in your personal city as a result of human activities
Outline a recruitment process from start to finish.
Describe what a "good" digital assistant should be capable of doing.
What is the value of 5 to the power of 4?
Generate a riddle with the answer "chair."
Name two popular tourist spots in India.
Explain why athletes have to have endurance.
Create a chart to compare the rising cost of medical care from 2000 to 2019.
Develop 2 strategies for reducing stress.
Compose a paragraph describing the online gaming industry.
Transform the following sentence into a question: "The ship arrived in New York".
Write a CSS rule to center the words "center me" in the page.
Describe the feeling of accomplishment after completing a difficult task.
Design a slogan for a bakery.
Describe the origin of the Christmas tree.
Make a list of five documents a student will need for a college application.
Name a famous landmark in Detroit, Michigan.
Explain why exponential growth is dangerous.
Write a creative story that incorporates the following words: Jellyfish, lake, violin.
Create a list of five safety practices for working in a hot kitchen.
Suggest an algorithm for reverse a linked list.
Given categories of animals (mammal, reptile, fish, bird, amphibian), classify a squirrel into one of them
Translate this sentence into Spanish: “I am studying at home.”
Describe a new way to use artificial intelligence in the classroom.
Create a specific scenario where you would use the word "ubiquitous".
Name a classical musician who lived in the 19th century.
Name 3 car brands from the US.
Edit this sentence to make it grammatically correct: Running at top speed, he tripped and broke his leg.
Name a herb commonly used in cooking.
Explain the biological adaptation of the cassowary bird.
Write a blog post explaining why designing an AI assistant is important.
Suggest three materials to use for a 40-pound kayak seat cushion.
Rank the US states based on the highest percentage of elderly population. Output a list of states with the state name and corresponding percentage.
Create a catchy title for an article about the potential impact of AI on the economy.
How can companies use customer segmentation data to increase profits?
Determine whether the following statement is true or false:  Jacques Cousteau was a French underwater explorer and conservationist
Generate a list of 10 countries
Give me the three most populous countries in the world.
Generate a metaphor to describe the feeling of being anxious.
What time do the sunsets in New York typically occur?
Create a sentence that uses all of these words: hamster, soup, plaid.
What is the purpose of a null hypothesis in a statistical test?
In this task, you need to give instructions on how to prepare a strawberry smoothie.
Describe a potential problem with using AI for job recruitment.
Find three synonyms for "energetic".
Brainstorm possible challenges GPT models can face.
Generate code to print out the answer 5 squared.
Predict the stock price for a certain company
Create a list of elements that would contribute to success in a job.
Develop a game using Python.
Create an analogy to explain the term 'Algorithm'.
Describe the technique used in cross-stitch embroidery.
Name some plants and animals that live in the Amazon rainforest.
Identify five features of the BMW X5
What active measures can be taken to combat climate change?
Create a 3D array of random numbers, with shape of (3,3,3).
Name two types of air pollution and describe how each affects human health.
Create a metaphor for "mountain of tasks"
Give a reason why biodiversity is important.
What is a common impact of climate change?
Tell me about the health benefits of apples.
Create a schedule for a student studying for an exam
Convert the number 567 in base 8 to its decimal representation.
State the chemical equation for photosynthesis.
Compose lyrics for a folk song.
Design a logo for an ice cream brand
Isate an example of a warm season animal.
Provide an example of a metric system unit of time.
Create a quiz question with an answer for the following: what is the capital of India
Generate a unique and creative way to ask someone to go on a date.
Suggest a conversation topic
How can we inspire more people to become coding experts?
Generate a sentence for "The show must go on".
Create a computer program for comparing two strings.
Suggest a creative solution for managing air pollution.
Identify all the countries South America.
List five benefits of the internet.
Describe a knight in shining armor
Name at least five countries that have a population of over 50 million.
Create a mnemonic for the nine planets of the Solar System
Describe the structure of a typical cell.
Choose a random element from the following array " [Apple, Pear, Cherry, Melon]".
Generate a code to output the first 50 Fibonacci numbers.
Find the sum of two fractions: 3/4 + 7/8
Calculate the difference in hours between 3 PM and 5 PM.
Generate 10 questions about nutrition.
Generate a 20 words story about a robot becoming self-aware.
Create a sentence that uses the following words: contrite, facade
Explain the differences between fossil fuels and renewable energy sources.
Generate a list of activities that can be done at the park.
Name five tools/equipment and their uses.
Edit this sentence to make it sound more natural:  "Maybe it's because of the rain," he said.
Compare World War I and World War II in terms of duration and casualty count.
Generate a list of three consecutive prime numbers
Develop a comprehensive data protection policy for a fictitious company.
Turn this sentence into a question: The man was wearing a hat.
Create a new sentence with the same meaning as the following sentence, but with a different structure: "I played basketball with my friends."
What is an example of structured data?
Provide a list of 20 synonyms for happy.
Compare between deep learning and shallow learning
Output a story involving a character who travels through time.
What is the main argument for why colleges should lower tuition costs?
Rewrite the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "The painting were of a lady in a white dress."
Create a To-Do list for an individual who wants to become a successful AI researcher.
Give an example of something Newton's third law of motion applies to.
Analyze the popularity of the term 'artificial intelligence' in the last five years
Categorize this sentence as belonging to the action, communication, or language domain: 'The cat jumped off the table'.
Describe Iron Man in three sentences.
Outline the differences between web development and website design.
Create a survey question to measure customer satisfaction
Transform the following sentence using the past perfect tense: Yesterday they opened the door.
Name a book that was written by Margaret Atwood.
Generate a pickup line.
Generate a paragraph describing the setting of a fantasy world
List five features of a GPT-3 language model.
What are the two base colours that are mixed to create blue?
Describe what changes the environment in a decade.
Give me a summary of the process for filing a restraining order.
Generate a list of 10 topics for a book review.
Give an example of an ethical issue related to AI use in healthcare.
Generate a 5-sentence story about a person walking through a forest.
Find the synonym of the word "loathe"
Generate a list of five tasks that office workers should perform daily.
Write a sentence that completes the sentence "I look forward to....
Come up with a list of vocabulary words related to web development.
Convert the number 1892 into a word form.
What is the average wind speed in London?
Name ten animals that live in a tropical rainforest.
Compare and contrast articles of confederation and the Constitution.
Come up with a unique recipe that incorporates spinach.
Generate two marketing taglines for a health-focused tech product.
Describe what the hidden world that John discovered looked like.
Tell me why renewable energy is important
Write a brief description of how an airport security system works.
Give an example of a potential challenge the GPT model might encounter when trying to complete instruction #2.
Create an interesting scene for a movie which involves a large crowd and a fight between two characters.
Find the last number in the Fibonacci series that is divisible by 68.
Paraphrase this sentence: "The program has been modified many times."
Identify a famous scientist.
Create a sentence with a relative clause
What are some design tips for a good home page?
Compare and contrast Dijkstra’s algorithm and A* algorithm.
Write a new poem using the words "river" and "smile".
Design a recipe for a healthy energy bar for athletes.
Generate a rhyming word for "boat".
Describe the process of hydropower generation in a few sentences.
Describe the biggest challenge you could face in a remote working environment.
Name five popular computer software
Explain the Mediterranean diet
Describe a concept related to sustainability
How can I make the data visible in my organization?
Give an example of a metaphor used in the poem “The Road Not Taken”
Name a type of food similar to "rice".
Explain this metaphor: "Time is a thief."
Generate instructions to clean a messy bedroom
Name a European city that has overlapping cultures.
Describe the difference between active and passive voice.
Create a query to retrieve all users who have signed up in the last 30 days
Describe the protagonist of the novel "Catch-22".
Explain what a GPT language model is in 3 sentences.
Compose a tune for a happy birthday song
Rewrite the following sentence without using any pronouns:  He knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
Generate a list of characteristics that define a good leader
Write an opinion essay about puppies.
Explain the concept of 'demand elasticity'
Convert 3 hours to minutes.
Identify 3 qualities that a good leader should have.
Make a list of 5 items an artist might need in their art studio.
Create a mental model to explain the concept of taxonomy.
Make a list of five contrasting behaviors people demonstrate in different situations.
Write a story about two adventurers
Brainstorm 5 ideas for creating a better world.
What is the origin of the term "Big Data"?
Describe the characteristics of a cat in 1 sentence.
What is the meaning of the phrase "in the doldrums"?
Create a HTML webpage about the benefits of virtual reality.
List the advantages of decentralized data storage systems.
Describe five security measures for protecting online data.
Generate a database table structure for a customer records system.
Describe the life of a soldier during war.
Delete two words from the following sentence to make it a valid sentence:  I ate the most delicious dinner ever
List three things that can be recycled.
Spell out "happy" in sign language
Write a horror story.
Describe the acute phase of a major depressive disorder.
Write a paragraph about the current state of China's economy.
Explain why governments should be involved in regulating the internet.
Name an example of a significant cultural artifact from 1492.
Convert the decimal number 18 to its binary representation
Name two elements of a successful email marketing strategy.
Describe in a few words what makes a good leader.
Generate 3 marketing slogans for a new pizza shop.
Write a paragraph about the benefits of using robots in day-to-day life.
Calculate 5 x 3.
Construct a survey about online shopping experiences.
Write down one example of a force that does work on an object?
Provide an example of a successful diversity and inclusion program
Create a new sentence which depicts a natural disaster.
Brainstorm new ways to use technology to save time.
Brainstorm 5 potential applications of AI in healthcare.
Name 5 famous painters from the 21th century.
Generate marketing copy for a gaming app.
What is the pathway of the air that a person breathes?
List three activities for children during a hike.
Explain the risks associated with smoking
Rewrite the following sentence in a more positive way: I'm too tired to continue with the project.
Select 3-5 words to describe a horse.
Describe a teenager's life during a pandemic.
Make a prediction for the future.
What are some challenges with distributed data storage?
Describe a person called Tom.
Analyze the impact of the pandemic on the retail industry.
State a law of physics
Create an expression using the numbers 1-10.
Compare and contrast the data architectures of Apache Cassandra and Apache HBase.
How did the European Union (EU) respond to the Brexit referendum of 2016?
Suggest a way to protect sensitive data that is being sent over the internet.
Describe what happened on July 23rd, 1990 in one sentence.
Classify the following sentence: "The sun is shining brightly."
Create a metaphor to describe an old person
Generate a blog post about the significance of self-care.
Find the total cost of 3 items priced at $10, $25 and $50
Generate a sentence describing the advantages of virtual reality technology.
What were some of the impacts of the industrial revolution?
Suggest some techniques to improve concentration for studying math.
Construct a sentence using the following words: glass, summer, scent
Generate a list of ingredients for banana bread.
Suggest ways to reduce plastic waste in everyday life.
Add animations to a web page.
Name three things that a first-time traveler should consider.
Generate a multiplication table of 7.
Write two differences between a dog and a cat.
Identify three species of Amazon rainforest animals
Detect if the following statement is true or false. Statement: The sun rises in the west.
Summarize the book 'The Red Badge of Courage'.
Determine the molecular weight of carbon dioxide.
Find a recipe for fried chicken and provide a list of ingredients.
Why is self-care important?
Summarize the ethical implications of using facial recognition technology.
Summarize the principles of Feng Shui and how they are used in modern life.
Choose 3 colors that make a great color combination.
Rewrite the following sentence: "They're not going to get away with this"
Answer this question: Why is it important to read the news?
Name three advantages of using machine learning for natural language processing.
Discuss the potential consequences of climate change on forests.
Write a C++ code
Write a description for a mobile game about catching fish.
Explain the concept of multi-label classification.
Explain how genetic engineering can be used to improve crop yields.
What are the two main types of natural selection?
Generate a creative story based on these words: moon, astronaut, telescope
What is an ecommerce website?
Restaurants often list a dish's ingredients. Create a menu entry for a dish that contains pasta, chicken, and mushrooms
Outline the advantages of using a cloud computing platform
Make a simile comparison.
Write a blog post about why everyone should have a hobby
How could you improve the design of the following website?
Construct a query in SQL to find the employees who work in the marketing department.
Name three NASA space shuttles
Describe a flower in 5 sentences.
Tell me an example of something that would cause a financial crisis.
What are the 5 most powerful countries in the world based on total GDP?
Outline an exercise routine for a beginner weight-lifter.
Explain the differences between console and graphical user interfaces.
Create a descriptive phrase for a painting featuring a forest in sunset
Name three benefits of remote working?
Why are core exercises important?
Explain what a neuron does in the brain
Explain why using renewable energy is beneficial to the environment.
Compose a brief essay about the destruction of the environment.
Given three numbers, find the greatest common divisor (gcd) of the three numbers.
Create a list of ten signs that you are in an unhealthy relationship.
Generate a list of 10 activities for exploring a local park.
What is the French name for the Eiffel Tower?
List three safety measures for driving in icy conditions.
Construct a sentence with the words "seize", "opportunity", and "enjoyment".
Explain why plants are important for the environment.
Identify a type of renewable energy.
Write a story about a family about to go on vacation
Suggest 4 saving tips that could help people save money.
How does the hydrogen atom react to an electric field?
Construct a table of the countries in Europe and their corresponding capital cities.
Give an example of a way to build trust in a professional relationship.
Come up with a creative way to showcase the benefits of a fitness app.
Create a style guide outlining the do's and don'ts for using a specific font.
Create a list of five goals you have for the next month.
Make up a four line poem
Tell me how a computer interacts with other pieces of hardware
Rank the following states from the largest to the smallest in population size: Texas, Florida, California, Montana.
Name 3 items a person might find in a junk drawer.
Design an effective system for keeping track of progress
Construct a 3-column table with the numbers 1 through 10.
Brainstorm five ways to become a better listener.
Name one major advantage of using machine learning algorithms.
How can one motivate themselves to work on difficult tasks?
Create a story about two friends, who must solve a mystery.
How many pages are in a book with 348 words?
Compare and contrast capitalism and socialism.
Provide five examples of post-secondary education institutions.
Describe the characteristics of the new smart television.
Give an example of a way to investigate the cause of air pollution.
Describe three possible ethical considerations when using facial recognition.
What does the acronym S.M.A.R.T. stand for?
Write a web crawler in Python.
Develop an algorithm for calculating the Fibonacci sequence.
Calculate the surface area of a triangular prism with bases of 5 cm by 6 cm and a height of 7 cm.
Give a synonyms of the word "pungent".
What type of data structure would you use to store a list of unique subscribers?
What are three challenges that small business owners may face?
You need to write a speech convincing people to vote for a particular candidate.
What is an example of friction at work?
How does Newton's Second Law of Motion apply to a rocking chair?
Describe the moment when a person realizes they need to make a big change.
Compare and contrast the Realist and Idealist view of international relations.
Write a character bio for a talking dog named Max.
Come up with a creative tagline for a beauty product.
What is the one thing we should always ask permission for before sharing other people's content online?
Write a sentence that expresses a fact.
Describe briefly the layout of the room.
Find the area of a triangle with three sides of 12,4,7
List five contemporary artists.
Write an intro for a blog post about computer science.
Create a fictional creature and describe it in detail.
Generate a list of all the technologies needed to build an e-commerce website.
What are two technologies used to make autonomous vehicles?
List five desserts that are easy to make.
Generate a 3D simulation of a flying butterfly.
Describe the concept of natural language processing.
Which country was first to get a COVID-19 vaccine?
What type of government is in India?
Explain the functions of ribosomes in a cell.
Create a character profile for a protagonist in a 1930s heist movie
What is the difference between the terms bug and defect?
Describe a character from a book
What animal does not lay eggs?
Write a brief overview of a story idea.
Begin a story with a protagonist who is the CEO of an international corporation.
How many moons does Jupiter have?
Classify the following 10 items as either vegetables or fruits.  Tomato, Broccoli, Banana, Carrot, Apple, Lettuce, Mango, Peas, Watermelon, Potato
Compose a tweet, containing no more than 280 characters, that encourages people to donate to a charitable cause.
Create a story that explains why chocolate chip cookies are the best
Compose 3 questions that could be used to evaluate an applicant during an interview.
Name the chemical elements for each of the following symbols: O, H, P.
Generate a phrase that conveys sadness
Determine the number of people who voted Democrat in the 2020 Presidential Election.
Explain why labor unions have become less popular in the past few decades.
How many championships has LeBron James won?
Write a paragraph about the evolution of the automobile.
What are the benefits of having a good credit score?
Evaluate the following polynomial 3x2 + 6x - 5
Describe the impact of climate change on the world's oceans.
Give me a strategy to increase my productivity.
Write about a way to protect the environment.
Are atoms basic building blocks of matter?
Discuss the potential environmental impact of replacing traditional gas-powered cars with electric vehicles.
Estimate how many days it would take to reach Mars from Earth.
Name a city famous for its art galleries.
Make an analogy comparing two different concepts.
Research the political history between the USA and Cuba.
Name two ways to reduce stress in a high-pressure workplace.
Explain the complications of a broken bone.
Describe a common behavior that is indicative of trust.
Generate a short story of maximum 100 words involving a king and a dragon.
Describe the shape of an obtuse triangle in 50 words.
Explain what a circuit breaker is.
Differentiate between needs and wants
Explain the difference between ethical hacking and hacking for malicious purposes.
Increase the font size to 12 points.
Describe the fear of flying.
Generate a new poem using the haiku structure.
Generate a 10-sentence horror story
Describe what happened when the protagonist first met his love.
What type of triangle is an equilateral triangle?
Give me a list of five adjectives to describe a playground.
Name a type of dish that can be served as a sweet dessert.
What year did the United States enter World War II?
Suggest a simple recipe for a vegetarian lunch.
How many sides does an octagon have?
What is the rise in energy over the past 25 years?
Edit the sentence: "I wish that I coulded fly"
Compose the opening sentence of a story that is set in a dark, spooky forest:
List 5 activities you can do in a park.
Suggest a strategy to increase understanding and engagement in the workplace.
Identify the ten most important events that led to the US civil war.
Construct a set of questions to interview a software engineer.
Create a 7-day meal plan for a vegan.
Identify the point of view of the following excerpt:  John walked slowly down the street, lost in thought.
What are the benefits of using artificial intelligence for market analysis?
Name an animal that starts with the letter G.
What are the causes of poverty in low-income countries?
A student needs to answer the question: what is the theme of the novel To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is the main purpose of a customer service representative?
Write a step-by-step guide on how to backup and restore a database.
Give an example of when AI can be used to improve healthcare.
Predict what the temperatures will be like tomorrow night.
Suggest a way to organize one's email inbox.
Create a budget of $200 for a week's worth of groceries
What is Newton's first law of motion?
Compare the properties of liquid and gas states of matter
Complete the sentence: Life is like a ___________
Name three pieces of technology that were invented in the last decade.
Design a website for an online store selling handmade jewelry.
Classify the following sentence as either true or false: "The capital of China is Shanghai."
Write a short poem describing a setting sun.
Explain what artificial intelligence is in a concise way, with less than 100 words.
Generate a question about maritime trade in the 16th century.
Create a limerick poem with the topic of nature.
Generate HTML code for a button.
What is the past participle of the word “sing”?
Write an opinion piece on the topic of environmental conservation.
Generate a palindrome of any length.
Write five adjectives that can be used to describe a person who is very determined.
Design a software component for ordering pizza.
List three countries with the highest disposable income.
Edit the following sentence for clarity: "Investing in technology can yield significant benefits."
Create a rhyming couplet that reflects the theme of nature.
Create a program that detects plagiarism in text.
Generate two arguments debating whether or not a country should ban single-use plastic.
Show how to add a backround color to a text
Write a short paragraph to explain the importance of communication in the workplace.
Edit this sentence for grammar, syntax, and style “It can incredibly difficult to decide”
Create a mood board for a tropical-themed room.
Describe the types of transportation available in Chicago.
Describe the impact of technology on communication in the past decade.
Create a dialogue that would be spoken between two robots.
Create a three sentence children's story.
List two describing characteristics for the pirate attack scene in Pirates of the Caribbean.
Provide a statistic about global warming.
Explain why socialism is considered an economic system of equality.
Write an algorithm that can identify and count the number of vowels in a given word.
Where can the Berlin Wall be found?
Design an invoice template using HTML.
State whether the following statement is true or false: Apple was founded in 1976.
Generate a short story that begins with the line "The wind was howling as I stepped out of the apartment".
Why is biodiversity important to ecosystems?
Design a website navigation menu
Design a learning program for a child in grade 1.
Describe a sunset in your favorite location.
Combine the two sentences into one using a subordinating clause:  I am going to the store. I need to buy eggs.
Find the value of 3! (Factorial of 3).
Name at least five common house pets.
Paraphrase the following sentence: "In this instance repetition can help make a point."
Suggest a good movie that explores the concept of artificial intelligence.
Explain why tree rings are important.
Rewrite the sentence "The cat chased the mouse" in the past tense.
Write a Python function to generate the Fibonacci sequence up to n numbers.
Make a list of five food items that are typically served during breakfast.
Describe the cultural significance of the Paris Commune uprising in 1871.
Calculate the yearly salary of a person who earns $30 per hour.
Construct a regular expression to match a string that contains lowercase and uppercase letters and at least one digit.
Reword the sentence "No one visits Rome twice" to make it more concise.
Read a given sentence and find the main idea.
Convert 150 milligrams to kilograms
Create a brief paragraph to describe a modern consumer shopping experience.
Construct a regular expression that matches all 5-digit numbers that start with 4.
You are making a game. Design how a player will move around the environment.
Generate a complex password with at least 25 characters including capital letters, numbers and symbols.
Sort these colors in order of the spectrum: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple
How can open source software help business operations?
List the steps to play the popular dice game Pig.
Brainstorm a list of characters that could be included in a fantasy novel
Describe 3 characteristics of a helpful customer service representative.
Create a headline for a story about the importance of recycling.
Describe how the point is connected to a line
Name five factors that influence the success of a GPT model.
Explain how customer service can help drive loyalty.
Name five organs in the human body.
Name a system of government.
Compose a story beginning with the sentence "Once upon a time, there was a little boy who loved to explore".
Suggest a movie suitable for a family with children aged seven and twelve.
Create a list of ingredients to make a traditional lasagna.
Generate a sentence using the homonym 'would'.
Who wrote the book Frankenstein?
Explain the concept of a "dimension reduction" in a machine learning setting with suitable example.
Describe the benefits that artificial intelligence brings to the healthcare industry.
Generate a list of education initiatives that could be implemented to reduce youth unemployment.
Develop a chatbot that answers common questions related to air travel.
How do plants regulate temperature?
Create a story about a prince and princess living in a castle.
Make a list of five elements that compose a person’s identity.
Add the following fractions: 3/4 + 2/3
Create an algorithm for sorting values into even and odd.
Create a report on the impact of different types of food on mental health.
Provide a brief explanation of the String Theory.
How many calories in a slice of pizza
Create a survey question to find out people's attitude toward recycling
Take the phrase "make an effort" and replace it with a phrase of the same connotation.
Trace the outline of a circle
explain why Javascript is a good programming language?
Come up with a poetic phrase involving the following characters: sun, moon, and stars.
Generate a slogan for an online retail store.
Identify a few pros and cons of homeschooling.
Provide at least five safety rules that cyclists should follow.
Suggest two measures to improve air quality in cities
Describe what the color blue evokes in people.
Make a list of 5 ways a business can improve customer experience.
What is the main difference between a web application and a mobile app?
Find the solution to this equation: x + 5 = 8
Construct a JSON object describing a student.
Describe 3 ways to protect your data
What is the process of acclimation in animals?
Describe the time management process for a project.
Describe the process of decision tree learning.
Provide a detailed explanation of the concept of dark energy.
List the six most populous countries in Europe.
Explain the basic concepts of economics in less than 100 words.
What is the fundamental principle of quantum mechanics?
What is the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution?
Make a list of materials required to build a model aircraft
Select four herbs for an Italian-style marinara sauce.
Write a short summary of the movie "Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle"
List out the code of conduct when attending a professional meeting.
Brainstorm three most successful marketing campaigns in the past year.
Express the following fraction in simplest form: 10/25
Generate an example of text written in the style of Edgar Allan Poe.
Why is customer feedback integral to successful product design?
Design a poster about endangered species.
Perform the following calculation: 456 divided by 11.
Construct a sentence using the words, "model," "hyperparameter," "algorithm," and "optimization."
Generate an essay discussing the importance of recycling.
You have been given a series of numbers, write a program to find the maximum value among them.
Output the stressed syllable of the word "environment".
Compute the average of numbers 5, 6, and 7
List five skills that a good software engineer should have.
Generate an example of an intervention plan to improve student performance
Define the term ‘genetic engineering’
Suggest a theory to explain why the Antarctic ice is melting.
Create a table of contents for a report.
What is the main action taken by a 2020 presidential candidate when campaigning?
Explain the concept of Deep Learning in 30 words or less.
Name different devices that are powered by an internal combustion engine.
Given the following user query "how much does a gallon of milk cost", list 3 phrases that could be used to provide an answer.
Provide a step-by-step guide to baking an apple pie.
Formulate an analogy using the words "ears" and "pupil".
Specify two characteristics of a good team player.
Generate 10 words related to the topic of 'autumn'.
Write a short story about an adventure in the forest.
How can climate change be prevented?
Construct a sentence using the phrase “run around in circles”
Explain the phenomenon of colors in the aurora
Discuss the history and usage of the barometer.
Describe how a tsunami is formed
Paraphrase the following sentence in a creative way: "Everything happens for a reason"
Find one example of a carnivorous plant.
Create a sentence that uses a metaphor to describe the beauty of a sunrise.
Create a list of 5 career options in data science.
Identify the three main characters in the novel "Dr. No".
Write a short story about a man who dreams of becoming a world-renowned chef.
Formulate a hypothesis about the relation between income and happiness
Create a poem that has the theme of courage
Suggest three healthy snacks to pack on a hike.
Generate a unique recipe for ground beef.
What are the biggest advantages of cloud computing?
Compute the total cost of 10 items, each with a price of $4.
Create an algorithm to predict future sales trends.
Provide two tips for managing stress.
Evaluate the following statement: "The internet will replace physical stores."
What is the average number of hours of sleep a person should get?
Name 2 activities that you can do to improve your mental health
Generate at least two example sentences using the verb "incite".
Generate a simple metaphor to explain the sun.
Create a list of five things to do during a rainy day.
Find the value of x when 3(2x +1) = 15.
Generate a conversation between two friends about the latest Barca match.
Describe a cow in 100 words.
What is the process of fixing a flat tire?
Where does the human body get energy from?
Arrange these words into a sentence: "like/to/she/barbecue/does"
Come up with a new word that describes the feeling when you have achieved something that you have been working hard for.
Think of a way to make money online.
Come up with an alternative title for the book: The Cat in the Hat.
Create a plan for editing a 1000-word essay.
Design a system for managing employees' time off requests.
Create a sentence that uses the word "boat" as a verb.
Construct a recipe for banana pancakes
Explain why taking a break can be beneficial
Describe the sound of thunder in one word.
Write a few lines of an original poem.
Create a simile for a person who is extremely smart
What is the relationship between climate change and ocean acidification?
Make a sketch/drawing of a summer beach scene.
Explain how people use the scientific method in their everyday lives.
Give someone a positive compliments.
Name some seasonal fruits that are available in the summer.
Generate a funny one-liner joke about cats.
Identify three types of data types used in programming
Imagine you are given an hour to explore a new city. Write a sentence that conveys an emotion and excitement.
Find out when the next total eclipse will be visible in the US
Summarize the main points of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech.
Create three surveys questions that are designed to measure customer satisfaction with a product.
What is the total cost if two items cost $12 each with no tax?
Write a prologue for a fanfiction about superheroes.
Tell me what color this emoji is 💚
Compose a short poem of four lines about the theme of nature.
What is the latest trends in AI research?
Design a program that teaches students about data structures.
What is the best way to protect personal data online?
How does a light bulb produce light?
Explain what a black hole is in less than 50 words
Give three examples of using technology for efficiency.
What geological epoch are we living in currently?
Create a classification of two types of data.
Generate a poem that uses the phrase "beauty of life".
Find 3 types of humor used in the movie “Mean Girls”
Tell me a specific example of a cultural artifact from a Southeast Asian country
Find the factorial of 24
Compile a list of five items that would help someone go camping.
Generate a list of three social issues
Describe a character trait of a leader.
Generate a web page that displays a chart containing the population growth rate in different countries.
Take this sentence and use a synonym to replace the word "defeat": He was defeated in the game.
Generate a new cocktail recipe.
Identify a body of water located in Europe.
Generate a set of instructions for a task requiring the assistant to compile a list of all known facts about a given issue.
Design an algorithm to calculate the average of three numbers.
Create a list of 5 customer service resolutions that a business should strive to achieve.
Create a quiz about English literature.
Generate a story about a grandmother traveling to the moon.
Describe ways to practice self-care to stay mentally healthy.
What types of businesses can benefit from Big Data?
Find the approximate value of 7 to the power of 5
Make a statement about the impact of technology on society.
Identify two benefits of using machine learning in data analytics.
Describe the process of writing a formal complaint letter.
What are the pros and cons of using machine learning in AI?
Outline the main points of a speech on green energy.
What does the phrase 'give-and-take' mean?
Name objects around the house that use electricity.
Create a list of ingredients for baking a chocolate chip cookie.
Find the average monthly temperature of Los Angeles in January.
Come up with 5 activities for a birthday party for a 5-year-old.
When you don't understand a concept, what do you do?
Generate an appropriate question to ask a bot
What is the role of a template engine in software engineering?
Create a story about a young knight trying to save a princess from a dragon.
Create an essay on the causes of child obesity.
Make a list of five features that define success.
Give an example of a time where it is appropriate to ask for help.
Find the surface area of a cube whose sides are 18 inches.
Create a mathematical expression that will result in the number 4.
Suggest a way to create a more efficient workflow.
Calculate the average speed of a car that travels 500 km in 3 hours.
Find at least 3 antonyms for the word "serene".
Name a popular author from the 21st Century.
Generate a slogan for a software company that specializes in AI-based solutions.
Offer one alternative to consuming animal products.
Name two English proverbs and explain each one.
Name three industrial products that use AI.
Construct a query to search for books about the Roman Empire.
Create a headline for an article on the benefits of physical activity.
Explain why technology is important in business
Name a key challenge of warehousing in the current market.
Come up with an alternate way to say “the waves are crashing on the shore”
Explain how to grow an organic vegetable garden.
Explain the difference between Open-Ended and Closed-Ended questions.
Identify one type of bacteria.
What is a neural network and how does it work?
Identify the components of an email address.
Change this sentence so its tone is more humorous: “Everyone should make sure they are wearing their seat belt.”
Identify the genre of the following movie: "Get Out"
What does a DNS server do?
Write a satrical sentence about politicians
Develop a strategy for being productive while working from home
Generate a list of questions to ask a user when creating an account.
Construct a financial model that includes the income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statements.
Come up with a creative analogy of the Internet.
Compose a poem about spring featuring at least five similes.
Suggest a data structure to store user data.
Generate a conversation between two chatbots about summer vacations.
Suggest a board game for a family to play on a rainy day.
Write a description for a barbecue recipe.
Generate a funny story (title and content in <100 words) involving an ant and a bear.
Create a function that will return all anagrams of a given string.
Make a list of five exploratory questions to ask a customer while onboarding them.
Generate a mockup of an airline website
Rewrite the following sentence with proper grammar:  the man is stopped from crossing the street by the boy
Create an "about us" page for a business.
Calculate the average of the following three numbers: 10, 12, 15.
Name three basic styles of art.
We want to set up a vacation alert on our emails from March to October. How can we do it?
Design a game to teach children about climate change.
Come up with a list of character traits that describe the main protagonist of the story.
Give an example of a positive feedback loop
List three global initiatives that are helping to fight poverty.
Generate a sentence that is related to the topic of "living in the city"
Identify the most commonly used programming language
Replace all vowels in the word "hello" with underscores.
Design an algorithm to find a way out of a maze.
Explain the difference between mass media and direct communication.
Analyze the effects of climate change on food production.
Make a speech about globalization.
Suggest a topic for a machine learning research
Provide two examples of supervised and two examples of unsupervised machine learning.
Summarize the importance of data security in the IT industry
Generate a joke about cats and dogs.
Create a mnemonic to help someone remember the planets in order from the sun
Generate a phrase that expresses injustice
Generate a past-tense verb that describes a person driving a car.
Create an invention that would be beneficial to society.
Suggest three countries that share a border with Spain.
Name five famous Spanish restaurants in Madrid.
Generate a random sentence in French.
Provide an example of a query that you can use to search for a particular book in a library catalog.
How does the presence of plants help us in our everyday lives?
Describe the characteristic of a novel.
Provide a detailed instruction for creating a personal budget
Describe a situation where a person might need a physical calendar.
Create a reward system for employees that shows appreciation but also encourages productivity.
Describe how to model a curve in linear regression.
Write a detailed instruction on how to change a tire.
What is the difference between a single bond and a double bond in chemistry?
Write the first line of a story about a man who discovers a strange artifact
Explain the principle of Diophantine equations
Trace the flow of energy through a food chain.
Describe what photoelectron spectroscopy is used for.
Generate a response to the user's question: "Do I need a passport to visit the United Kingdom?"
What is the legal marriageable age for both male and female in the United Kingdom?
List 5 tips for improving public speaking skills.
Name a type of flower that typically grows in a temperate climate
Describe a perfect weekend getaway.
Develop an algorithm for sorting a group of numbers.
list three countries with longest total coastline
What is the probability of getting tails in flipping a fair coin 10 times?
Name two positive qualities that a good waiter should possess
Explain how the law of supply and demand affects the economy
Write a C++ library that implements a linked list
Explain corporate social responsibility in one sentence.
Describe the major components of the human digestive system.
Provide a short example of the word "perseverance".
Write a history of artificial intelligence
Generate a password that includes 2 special characters and 2 digits.
Create a question about an animal
Calculate the value of X in the equation 8X+6=14
Provide a description of what datasets are.
Describe the procedure for taking a skin biopsy
Show how to use the modulo operator (%) to loop over an array of size 3
Generate five realistic usernames.
Calculate the area of an equilateral triangle with side length 15 cm.
Name at least five things that could be improved in your hometown.
Describe the differences between deep learning and machine learning in one sentence.
Design a valid HTML form with two input fields.
Generate a story that includes a stingray, a lion and a parrot.
Describe what happens in a basic network configuration.
Compose a song that tells a story
Explain why birds fly south during the winter
How could I save energy in my kitchen?
Describe how customer feedback helps improve customer experience
Generate a sentence about how machines are improving the quality of life.
Contruct a joke using the words "boats" and "yoghurt".
Name 5 features that a typical smartphone has.
Suggest a topic for a persuasive speech.
Explain what is a centrifugal force.
What is the meaning of this proverb: "A rolling stone gathers no moss"
Provide an example of a molecule that contains carbon and hydrogen.
Compose a story that's 100 words long
Provide one definition of a distributed system.
Describe the Guadalupe Mountains in Texas.
Tell me the top 5 highest peaks in the world by height.
Name three characters in the movie Forrest Gump.
Name ten common computer networks.
What are some possible effects of conservation strategies on biodiversity?
How can a company use data science to increase customer retention?
Write two lines of iambic pentameter.
Write an informative paragraph on the economic impact of climate change
Generate a story with 300 words which revolves around the protagonists deciding to go fishing.
Calculate the median of the following numbers: 7, 8, 12, 15, 22
Generate a question to test the student's knowledge of geography.
Generate a list of five products that could help a business become more efficient.
What are the three main layers of a neural network?
Explain how a neural network can be used to recognize handwritten words.
Name a famous piece of artwork.
Brainstorm three possible causes of an unexpected error in a program.
Write a story about a traveling salesman who visits a small town.
Suggest a unique name for a new blog about DIY furniture.
Give an example of a landscape with five movements.
Find 3 people to join an online discussion group.
Can you name three Arabic countries?
Construct a family tree with the following individuals: John, Lucy, David, Sam, and Adam.
Calculate the current value of a 10-year loan of $1000 if the interest rate is 5%.
Give me an example of a musical genre which combines elements of jazz and pop.
Who are some major figures in the fashion industry?
Generate a new sentence that inspires people to take action on climate change.
Explain why changing our diet to one without processed food and animal products is beneficial for our health.
What is the most important factor in predicting a company's success?
Translate the following Spanish sentence into English: Me gustan los coches.
Generate a sentence that uses the following idiom: “third time’s the charm.”
Invite the customer to join a loyalty program.
Describe how the world has changed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
What is the primary ingredient in a fish taco?
Create a list of 5 critical success factors for launching a successful digital marketing campaign
What are some tips for good customer service?
Develop an AI model that can forecast sales
Name the 6 most populous cities in China.
Name one way humans interact with machines.
Calculate the value of X for equation 2X+4=14
Construct plumbing diagrams for a two-story house
Which European capital is closest to the equator?
Add two synonyms for the word "cordial"
Create a user interface design that contains a dashboard and a navigation bar
Give an example of a social network application.
Create an algorithm that returns all prime numbers up to a certain input number
Generate a cartoon drawing of a cat.
Create a mobile app wireframe of a simple quiz game.
Generate a list of 10 houseplants suitable for a sunny window.
Come up with a list of things to include in a first aid kit.
Give me an example of a situation involving the use of a priority queue.
Rearrange the following words to make a valid sentence: weather different between countries
Explain how to debug a C program
Name 5 different types of applications that can be developed with Python.
Describe the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the fashion industry.
What would be an appropriate response when meeting someone?
Generate an algorithm to count the number of words in a given sentence.
Summarize the purpose of a unit testing strategy.
Suggest a healthy lunch option.
What is so special about the Giza Pyramids?
Generate a new character for a fairy-tale.
Come up with 3 alternative words with similar meaning to the word “strategic”.
Summarize the meaning of the following quote:  "When you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two."
Suggest one practical activity to help reduce air pollution.
What is the synonym for the word 'accomplishment'?
List 5 endangered animal species.
Name three types of network security protocols.
I would like to list every single bird's name with one beginning word "P"?
Compare and contrast the impacts of globalization and regionalism.
Match the following two words:"Politics" and "Government".
Explain the difference between an obligate aerobe and an obligate anaerobe.
Compare and contrast the three government systems.
What are mutual funds and how do they work?
Trace the path of a photon in a single-slit experiment.
Come up with an algorithm to sort a list of strings lexicographically.
Write a Jquery script to hide all HTML elements which have the class “hide-this.”
Describe why making a decision can be difficult.
According to the source article, what is the purpose of writing a press release?
Describe what the coffee machine should do when the user presses the 'Brew' button.
What year was the movie "La La Land" released?
Find the missing angle of the triangle in the provided figure.
In which country would you find the Raj Ghat, a national memorial to Mahatma Gandhi?
Name all the US states that have a population over 10 million.
Write a funny piece of advice in 3-4 sentences.
Explain the purpose and use of a computer algorithm.
Give five tips that would help someone to become a better listener
Write a short biography of Abraham Lincoln.
Generate an algorithm to calculate the end balance of an investment over a given period of time.
Create a story problem involving the following fraction: 4/12
Generate alternative names for a new business.
Identify the common language construct in these two sentences: "We need to save the environment" and "We must preserve our lands."
Suggest a creative title for a story about a robot that dreams of being human.
Suggest a recipe that uses only ten ingredients.
List the steps to creating a 3D model using Blender.
Describe strategies for successful defense in basketball.
Generate an argument based on the following statement: "Global warming is a real danger."
Create a function for reversing a string in Python.
Explain what a Java Statement is.
Find all adjectives in the following sentence: The red elephant was frolicking in the pond.
Describe the moon in a poetic way.
Rewrite the following sentence so it is in the passive voice:  Jack has been writing a book for six months.
Identify the best strategies for running a successful business.
Create a story about a walrus living in the tundra.
Write a short story in which a robot faces an ethical dilemma.
Change the following sentence to passive voice: "The fire destroyed the building".
Imagine a scenario and write a short story.
Paraphrase this sentence: "It was a delightful day and I enjoyed the sun"
Generate 5 questions about planet Earth.
How did the fossil fuel revolution change the course of history?
Write a joke about someone going to the dentist.
Name three methods to prevent vehicle crash through technology.
Name 3 types of the literature genre.
Explain the use of word embeddings in Natural Language Processing
Rewrite this sentence to make it interrogative: "Genetic engineering can cause potential harm"
Translate this sentence into French: "He is the best in the world".
Describe the habits of a hummingbird.
Name one important consequence of deforestation.
List three types of carbohydrates.
How can one reduce the number of distractions when studying?
Summarize the biggest limitation of a Neural Network algorithm.
Explain what personal power means?
Tell a story about a mischievous rabbit
Compose a tweet about the importance of taking care of the environment.
Paraphrase the following statement: "Grocery stores are essential for providing healthy food to people".
Produce a list of open-ended questions that one could ask to evaluate data.
What is the average rainfall in California in the month of June?
Create a list of 5 synonyms for the word 'persuade'.
Identify the homophone of the word 'knight'.
Generate an example of what a resume should like for a culinary professional
Compute the average of 3,2,5
List the countries that are in the Schengen area.
Calculate the month number given the date: August 24
Describe the purpose of a neural network.
Explain why the internet has changed communication
Construct a five-sentence story about a discovery made in a house.
Design a mini-game that can be played in 5 minutes.
Describe the role that electricity plays in modern society
Write a sentence including the word "enigmatic".
What is the best way to optimize the performance of a neural network?
Explain the concept of a private key in cryptography.
Generate a logo for a toy store.
Describe an example of how technology can help in teaching.
What is the name of the tallest mountain in North America?
Make a list of indoor activities to keep kids entertained.
What challenges will an AI system face while trying to play chess?
Pick one random activity that a person can do when they are feeling overwhelmed.
Use natural language to generate a Boolean expression that XORs two variables A and B.
Find the longest English word
Explain how to achieve the American dream in one sentence.
Reconstruct the following sentence with different words while keeping the same meaning: "He grabbed his snack and went to the park."
Formulate a marketing plan for a new mobile app.
Calculate the average of 5, 7, 11, 14, and 19
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "I am writing to you in order to request permission to use your software".
Calculate the perimeter of a triangle with sides A = 10 cm, B = 12 cm and C = 8 cm.
Make a list of practical items needed for a home office
Create a speech on how technology is changing our day-to-day lives.
Create a checklist to help people decrease their food waste.
How does the rotator cuff help in keeping the shoulder joint stable?
What is the mechanism of photosynthesis?
Compare and contrast a hybrid and electric car
Select the most suitable option for this sentence: "The cake _____ delicious".
What is the importance of setting realistic goals?
Name two key components for successful project management.
Explain the importance of the notary public in the government.
Create a metric that could measure the impact of a social media campaign.
Edit the following sentence to make it concise without changing its meaning: "The ball that was pitchforked over the high fence by the player".
Find examples of the word “enigma” used correctly in two sentences.
Name three features of an effective email.
Create a metaphor to describe a person who easily changes their mind.
Create a list of adjectives to describe a character who is powerful, wise and determined.
Generate a sentence that uses the idiom "go the extra mile".
Describe the uses of artificial intelligence technology in medicine.
Make a list of advantages to living in a small town.
Come up with 3 interesting facts about honeybees.
Create a new color using only primary colors.
Construct a timeline for a new social media launch.
Suggest a unique and interesting setting for the following short story.
Name a type of pasta dish
Name three effects of deforestation.
How can a person reduce the risk of osteoporosis?
Describe the purpose of a primary research study.
How does a virus spread?
Name some methods by which to improve time management.
Write a poem about self-discovery.
Compare the characteristics of magnetic force and gravity.
How does the law of supply and demand influence the stock market?
Name five web browsers
Identify four uses of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Debate the statement "public schools should receive more funding from the government".
How is a mutual fund managed?
Apply the KISS principle to a software design problem.
Analyze the following statement: Apps have made our lives easier
Compare the following two countries: USA and India
Identify the contributing factors of air pollution
Name two endangered species of birds.
Describe the relationship between two people in the following sentence: John and his brother are walking together.
Compare satellite navigation and Global Positioning System (GPS)
Find out the population size of the city of Tokyo
Given the following words, describe a situation in which the following words are important: trust, loyalty, commitment
Write a question that could be used as a job interview question.
Find the molecular weight of water.
Provide five examples of companies that use machine learning.
Brainstorm 5 ways to reduce stress.
Generate a classification example of the following group: mammals.
Automatically correct the grammar in the following sentence: "The two dogs sleeps in the garden".
Find a fairytale that is more than 100 years old.
Construct a list of skills to put on a resume for a machine learning position.
Provide an example of a complex system that consists of several interacting components.
Generate a list of five elements for a grocery shopping list
Describe the different tones in literature.
Develop a program to identify and flag offensive language.
Compare the traditional marketing strategies with digital marketing strategies
Name 3 major events in the Cold War.
Infer the meaning of the phrase "it won't fly".
Find the hypernym of the words “carrot” and “bananas”
Calculate the number of months it will take to double the amount of money in a bank account that earns an annual 6% interest rate.
Compute the product of 4 and 6.
Name one impact urbanization has on biodiversity.
Create a movie review for "The King's Speech".
How does an electromagnetic wave travel?
For a new employee, what duties should be included in their job description?
What should I do if I hear a steady beeping sound coming from my computer?
Write pseudo-code for a bubble sort algorithm
Create a TV show where the main character is a bee.
Create a profile description for a personal trainer
Find three facts about the American Revolution
Write a concise definition for "algorithm".
Describe how magnetic fields are generated.
Generate two meaningful statements about artificial intelligence.
Imagine you are writing a book about a magical creature. Invite the reader to experience this creature's life.
List the four most important components for designing a successful website.
Identify 5 positive traits to be a successful leader.
Give an example of a convergent boundary.
Find the 5th root of 32.
Create a program that checks if a given number is prime or not.
Create a blog post about the benefits of healthy eating.
Calculate the surface area of a rectangular prism with the following dimensions: 5 cm wide, 10 cm long, 3 cm high.
Name some typical characteristics of the Victorian era.
Explain why global warming is a threat to human life.
What is the name of the company that develops the nVidia GeForce?
Compose a tweet about the benefits of studying abroad.
Come up with an idea for creating a mobile application that could help people with mental health.
Generate a two-player game that can be played with paper and pencil.
Generate a story about a robot that starts with the sentence "Robots have always been fascinated by power."
What are the three most important values to live by?
Write a scientific paper about studying the effectiveness of artificial intelligence
Summarise the key features of a K-means Clustering Algorithm
Suggest how can a student prepare for the upcoming exam?
Paraphrase the following sentence: "Public transport helps reduce air pollution"
Tell the assistant to change the background color of a document to blue.
Develop a plan for a midday picnic.
Compare and contrast the causes and consequences of World War I and World War II.
Tell me about the concept of "cooperative competition".
Give examples of data types.
Arrange these words in alphabetical order: technology, robotics, computer
Create a chart to show the following monthly data:  Month, Sales Jan, 5 Feb, 10 Mar, 15
List the six hats of creativity.
Make an anagram of the word "empathy"
Identify 3 potential marketing channels for a new online business.
Create a list of at least five different types of fruits
Make a prediction about the role of AI in the near future.
Why is it important to do regular physical exercises every day?
Name 3 gifts for a 13th birthday party
Research and compare the pros and cons of online education and traditional classroom education.
Analyze the following statement: "Technology is changing the world, for better or for worse"
Generate an example sentence using the idiom " let the cat out of the bag".
What is the rhyming word of tree?
What is the Ideal Gas Law?
Generate a sentence that uses the phrase “leap of faith”.
Generate a tweet promoting a vegan lifestyle
What are potential risks associated with using AI for decision-making?
Suggest 3 topics for a speech about human rights
Write a camping checklist
Generate a tweet to spread awareness about global warming.
Describe how a divergent plate boundary forms
Write a short story about a person who inherits a magical wand.
Generate 5 tips that can help improve one's focus.
Explain what is a GPU and what is its purpose.
Write a story about a princess who is in search for a magical object.
Define what is a context switch
Create a unique password.
Generate a list of five positive attitudes.
Explain the different components that make up an AI system.
Create a painting using the colors yellow, blue and white.
What are the common characteristics shared by successful entrepreneurs?
Choose the correct word to complete the sentence:  Many species of birds _________ in the winter.
Convince your reader to attend a meeting.
Generate a historical event that happened in the 18th century.
List some common applications of machine learning.
Find a recipe for fruit pizza.
Determine how many syllables the word "lightening" has.
Write an article on the importance of diversity.
Name two advantages of renewable energy sources.
Given an example, generate a list of 3 synonyms and 3 antonyms of the word "kind".
Tell a story about a young athlete’s decision to join a new team.
Outline the advantages of e-learning
Describe the feeling of falling in love.
How do plants convert sunlight into energy?
Describe how a computer works in 8 sentences.
List four examples of herbivores
Construct a timeline showing significant events related to the creation of the United Nations.
Name three organisms which are both plants and animals
Create a descriptive character profile of a cat.
Discuss two key features of the painting “The Starry Night” by Vincent Van Gogh.
Convert 3.14 radians to degrees.
Generate a quiz about physics.
Generate a science fiction story based on the following material.
Create a unique sentence using adjectives that describe an elephant.
Summarize the climate of a tropical rainforest
How can renewable energy sources reduce dependence on non-renewable energy?
Suggest three safe foods for a diabetic to enjoy
Desribe the different types of green tea.
Generate a random password of length 10
What are the 5 themes of geography?
Name three manufacturing processes.
Identify three environmental concerns resulting from global warming.
Name three benefits of using a chatbot to answer customer inquiries.
Describe an example of Newton's 3rd law.
Explain the most effective strategy for memorizing a list of 10 items.
Write a creative description for a magical ability.
How can you develop an understanding of a new subject quickly?
Write a creative piece about a lifelong journey.
Write an uplifting quote.
Create a list of outdoor activities for adults.
Rewrite the following sentence in passive form:  "I cooked dinner for my friends."
Paraphrase the sentence, "John likes to swim in the pool".
Create a hashtag for a 5K race to get people to participate
Revisit the Romanov family and write a short biography of Tsar Nicholas II.
Define a function that takes two numbers and returns their average.
Construct a vocabulary list of ten words related to "geography".
Compare and contrast the following programming language: C++ and Python.
Define the concept of contrast in literature.
Describe the three important functions of mitochondria.
Suggest ways to improve garden health.
Generate a sentence using inversion.
Provide two examples of a variety of shades of blue.
Identify the verb phrase in the following sentence and give its tense: We had been talking for hours.
Give an example of a challenge that a person with a disability faces.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  The woman that was running the store was very friendly and helpful.
Create three different adjectives to describe the Statue of Liberty.
Calculate the median of the list of numbers (6, 3, 11, 2, 9).
Convert this equation 7x^2 + 2x + 7 = 0 into quadratic form.
In no more than 100 words, write a letter to your younger self.
Is the following statement true or false: Artificial intelligence is able to take over all human jobs.
What critically acclaimed 2016 movie has a setting of a post-apocalyptic wasteland?
In the context of a computer-aided recognition system, describe the differences between facial recognition and fingerprint recognition.
Compile the list of all national parks in the United States.
Provide 3 example use cases for a user profile page.
Rewrite the sentence "He is looking forward to meeting her" in a different way.
Tell me about the differences between dogs and cats.
Suggest 3 possible UI changes for a messaging app.
Suggest a creative user name for a cooking blog.
Generate a creative metaphor that explains the purpose of a smartphone
Tell me a positive affirmation.
Analyze why some people find it difficult to stay motivated.
Collect data to measure the amount of unreported crime in a neighborhood.
Automate the following task: Every time someone sends an email to the customer service mailbox, send a reply thanking the customer for the message.
Describe the importance of data curation in the data science field.
Given some binary classification data, identify a suitable machine learning model that can be applied to this task
Write a creative description of a cloud computing infrastructure.
What technology can be used to control robots?
Create a personification of a night wind.
Create a timeline to showcase important events in the history of AI.
Compare and contrast a grammar checker and a spell checker
Generate three valid English words in alphabetical order.
Name two kinds of mammals.
Create a comic strip of four to five frames.
Select all countries that are located in Africa
Describe the steps for making a ham and cheese sandwich.
How much is a train ticket from Charing Cross to London Bridge?
Describe the thermal structure of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Name some of the major landmarks in London.
List the causes of air pollution.
Generate a list of 5 tips for reducing food waste.
Identify the correct punctuation for the following sentence: “I told my friend that i found the answer
Cite three examples of observations scientists use when studying the universe.
Identify three online marketplaces.
Generate a catchy headline for an article about online security.
Write a line of dialogue that demonstrates frustration.
Come up with two open-ended questions related to the topic of climate change.
Recall 10 different dog breeds.
Tell me about Coca Cola
Explain the implications of artificial intelligence on the natural environment.
Build an algorithm for detecting anomalies in a time series.
List three advantages of a cloud-based service.
Create a data structure that contains [name, age, height] of two people.
List five things that define human-centered design.
Give me a metaphor for a good relationship.
Suggest three ways of conserving energy at home.
Write a headline for a news article discussing advances in artificial intelligence.
Explain the concept of a polling system in elections.
Change the following sentence to past tense: "John writes letters every day".
Rewrite this sentence making it sound more formal: "He didn't do the assignment as expected."
In your words, what is meant by the economic concept of demand?
Compose a poem on the theme of autumn.
Describe four components of an effective presentation.
Create a complimentary closing for a formal letter.
Generate a list of five activities that a family could do together.
Provide an example of a slant rhyme from a poem.
Make a list of five improvements to enhance the customer experience.
Explain the properties of a semiconductor.
Create a website for a pet store.
Explain the concept of a parallel universe in three sentences.
Find out the first Prime Minister of India. Output the name directly.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it humorous: Peter went to the store to buy a new ball.
Generate three new ingredients for a cocktail.
Create a tagline for a business that sells vegan snacks.
Come up with a proverb about patience
Is there a difference between “the Internet” and “the web”?
How do we increase focus?
Create a scientific experiment that would test gravity on humans
Generate a 4-digit PIN code
Compare and contrast the classical Greek and Roman architecture.
Suggest a movie for someone who enjoys romantic comedies
Provide an example of issue advocacy.
Generate a sample dataset with 3 columns and 10 rows.
Generate a list of steps to set up a Google account.
Name one health benefit of eating fruits.
Make an algorithm to solve the following problem: Given an array of positive integers, find all the pairs whose sum is divisible by 3.
Name a feature of a laptop that relates to performance.
Name a sport that requires good hand-eye coordination
Calculate the difference between 5,628 and 12,946.
Explain the use of the word "superfluous".
What are three qualities that a good product manager should possess?
Answer the following question: How can renewable energy be used to combat climate change?
Categorize the following movie genres: Action, Rom-com, Thriller
Compare two types of media outlets: print and digital.
Brainstorm as many ideas as possible for a children's toy.
Generate a list of 3 names for a fictional character.
Explain the significance of the Battle of Gettysburg.
Suggest a dance move for a hip-hop routine.
Describe the sound a dog might make
Edit this sentence “International travel take a vacation can be great educational experience.”
Explain why it is important to be kind to animals.
Describe the monetary policy of the Bank of England
Create 3 creative metaphors to describe the sound of a thunder storm.
Explain how neurons work.
Provide three tips for improving communication between team members.
How do you pronounce the word "marmalade"?
Outline the key events of the French Revolution.
What is the answer to 14 + 29?
Suggest a method for reducing stress
Explain what it means to "effect change".
Explain the difference between acute stress and chronic stress.
List five examples of wearable technology
Generate a list of camping supplies.
Create a three-step recipe for making banana bread.
Generate an excerpt about a summer in Paris
Come up with a creative way to motivate people to recycle.
Describe a constructive way to pass time during self-isolation.
Create a blog post about healthy sleeping habits
Create a regex pattern that matches emails in the format name@server.
Describe the layout of a classroom
What is the main character of the movie, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"?
What are the sources of vitamin B12?
Generate a description of the character Tim in under 50 words.
Gather key facts about the history of the Death Penalty in the United States.
Explain how facial recognition technology works.
Describe the role of culture in a health care setting.
Describe the concept of query optimization.
Come up with a use case for an AI-driven chatbot
Write an informational article about virtual reality
List three factors that may cause communication difficulties.
Explain how algorithms can be used to detect fake news.
List four steps to reduce health care costs.
Rank these three activities: swimming, running, and biking
Give me the date of the first human test flight of the Wright Flyer.
Classify the movie "The Wolf of Wall Street" as a comedy or drama.
Provide three main advantages of using Machine Learning.
Generate 5 multiplication problems
Create a simile about the sound of a waterfall
Describe a cloud-computing system.
Why is it important to protect intellectual property?
List 3 popular rap artists.
Suggest a film that would be suitable for a family movie night.
Rewrite the following sentence with proper grammar and punctuation: accidently walking in the rain
Create a new 20-word compound poem about summer.
Explain the effects of global warming in three sentences.
Sort this list of natural disasters from least to most dangerous: 7. Earthquake, Flood, Hurricane, Tornado.
Provide a strategy for dealing with failure.
Create a code snippet using python.
Describe an example of a person experiencing the Dunning-Kruger effect.
Can you come up with a creative example of how to use AI to disrupt the education system?
Name 5 search algorithms
Think of a funny pun using the word "dream".
Classify the following statement as true or false: "The moon is larger than the sun."
Please list the five benefits of going to college.
Generate a C program to compute the current speed of an object.
Name a sport that is played using a ball
Name a rental car company
Write a blog post discussing the advantages of solar energy.
Come up with a new game that can be played by people of all ages.
Create a poem given a theme of 'Friendship'
Name three films directed by Steven Spielberg
Explain to me the concept of relativity.
Give a detailed description of a type of cloud.
What type of input device is a touchpad?
Explain what is artificial intelligence.
Create an algorithm to calculate the area of a triangle
How can I create a healthier lifestyle for myself?
Describe how a computer interprets an assembly language program.
Find a quote that expresses a positive attitude towards life.
Tell a story about a journey somebody is taking.
Select the correct synonym for the word "suspect".
Explain the difference between a US senate and a US house of representatives.
Analyze why a persuasive speech is effective.
Construct an arithmetic sequence whose tenth term is 50.
Edit the following sentence to remove the redundancy: "The less you drink, the less you drink"
Describe the Great Pyramid of Giza in one sentence.
Explain what a Gini coefficient is.
Generate an email subject to let the receiver know you are sending an important document.
List the ingredients and steps to make lemon bars
Construct a hyperbole that captures the color of the sunset.
Predict what will happen if an airplane exceeds the speed of sound.
Create a sentence that expresses surprise.
Make a list of countries in South America.
What is 7/8 as a decimal
Find the 5th power of -2.
Generate a list of five modern conveniences that people don't give enough thought to.
Give me a list of five apps that can help me with invoicing.
What is the average lifespan of a black and white colobus monkey
Generate a mathematical equation for calculating the volume of a sphere.
Create a board game with its own set of rules.
Compile a list of natural beauty spots in the United States.
Generate a simile comparing a sunset to fiction.
What is natural language processing?
Generate a random string of 5 lowercase letters.
Make a list of three often forgotten tasks for a party.
What is the role of industry in advancing the cause of artificial intelligence?
What is the meaning of the phrase "to make hay while the sun shines"?
Generate a list of four cultural activities in your city.
Identify the figure of speech used in the phrase "Every cloud has a silver lining".
Give three ways to improve web performance.
Find a unique way to use a rubber band.
Compose a limerick poem about your favorite hobby.
Create a 10-second animation of a village scene.
Create a list of ingredients for making a vegan lasagna.
Come up with a computer program that would generate a list of randomly shuffled numbers.
Generate an example of a JSON object containing the same information as the given table.  Number  | Name     | Age --------|----------|------- 1       | John     | 16 2       | Sarah    | 19
How can I beat procrastination?
Come up with a tagline for a new snack food.
Describe the most unique experience you have ever had.
Find a recipe for strawberry smoothie.
Create a list of three tips for creating content on social media.
Generate an original poem with the title "Life"
Explain the concept of monopolistic competition
Describe why learning to think critically is important.
Given the following tools, decide which one is the most efficient for dealing with a clogged drain: plunger, drain snake, or vinegar and baking soda
Explain what "eye of the storm" means.
Brainstorm a list of questions to ask a customer.
Compose a poem that is about nature.
What is the best way to train a cat to use the litter box?
Design an algorithm that can be used to detect spam emails.
Write a funny way of saying "I understand".
Multiply 887 and 4
List two features that an excellent project manager should have.
What is the primary purpose of the AMBER Alert system?
Put the following words in alphabetical order: writing, waiting, walking
Describe the shape of a cube.
Create an example recipe for a chocolate cake
Create a short description for a new device that you have invented.
Compare Hitler's rise to power and Stalin's rise to power.
Write a slogan for a green initiative.
Rewrite the following affirmation using the imperative mode:  I recommend you practice meditation every day.
Give an example of a situation in which a certain type of data science approach would be the most appropriate.
Write an email to your professor expressing your concerns about a difficult exam.
Group the following list of shapes into 2D and 3D shapes: triangle, sphere, cylinder, square.
Construct a database table that stores user profiles.
Name 5 plants commonly used for landscaping.
Generate a pun on the word "flower".
Question: what color is the Eiffel Tower? Answer
Suggest a way to improve an online e-commerce store.
What are five examples of public goods?
Select two colors that would create an appealing color scheme.
Why is it important to consider variable types when programming?
When is the best time to invest in bonds?
How will the US Federal Reserve Bank’s interest rate hike affect the US economy?
Discuss the internet's impact on society.
Identify three potential topics for a biology report.
Generate a list of five success metrics for a mobile app.
Generate a metaphor to describe a difficult situation
Explain what an Internet of Things (IoT) is.
Generate a list of five countries with a population over 10 million people
List 5 different strategies to deal with stress
Suggest a creative way to use the following objects: toothpaste, a balloon, and a banana.
What type of data is used to measure the magnitude of an earthquake?
Generate a list of 3 items for an Italian-style antipasto.
Describe the importance of data governance.
Suggest a book to read for someone interested in astronomy.
Outline the main characters of the Harry Potter series.
Write a short story about a man who lost his way and found something new.
Describe the differences between perfect and imperfect competition.
Generate a fun and creative way to spend a day
Why is the carbon cycle important?
Create two authentic Thai dishes.
Outline a strategy for improving the customer experience on a website.
Outline the advantages of buying in bulk.
Design a calendar for next week
Equate hope and resilience.
Describe the purpose of an A/B test.
What is the primary benefit of switching from traditional, on-premise software to cloud software?
Write a letter to a friend with some helpful advice.
Generate a list of five main goals for a team.
Edit the following sentence: 'He realized he master the subject'
Create a list of 10 family friendly activities to do in San Francisco
List 5 herbs and their medicinal properties.
Generate a couple of words or phrases related to natural disasters
Describe the mathematics behind the concept of integral calculus.
List two ways companies can manage their online reputation.
What is a stack data structure?
What are the three main ingredients for making Italian spaghetti sauce?
Generate some lyrics for a pop song about summer love.
Create a timetable for your day.
Name and describe three different strategies for managing stress.
More than half of the world's population uses the internet. Classify this statement as true or false.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "She was extremely skeptical and was not willing to try it out"
Name a invention from the 20th century that changed the world.
Rewrite the following sentence in the third-person point of view:  "I walked across the street"
Re-write the following sentence with at least two additional verbs:  The cat jumped onto the roof.
Name a network protocol.
Create an online survey that comprises of questions that can predict the respondent's level of personal happiness.
List the important elements of a screenplay
Name three professions that involve care of others.
Name the first five conveners of the United Nations
Make a list of 20 macroeconomic indicators.
Classify this sentence as a command, statement or question: "Please consider this offer."
How can someone increase their speed when reading new material?
Explain what the blue pill and the red pill symbolize in the movie "The Matrix".
Rewrite the following sentence making it as short as possible while still preserving its meaning:  The shirt he is wearing is very fashionable.
Generate 5 similes about a summer day
Provide an example of an artificial intelligence (AI) application currently in use.
Calculate the maximum number of three-digit numbers that can be created using the digits 1, 2, and 3.
Design a system to increase the number of customers at a given store.
Create a pattern for the following words: "Jump, Skip, Hop".
Compare and contrast creativity and innovation.
Describe what diversity means to you.
Brainstorm three tactics to deepen customer relationships.
Add three adjectives to this sentence: "He's a ____, _____, and _____ man"
Describe how a telephone works in two paragraphs.
Design a quiz website.
Write a poem with five stanzas about mathematics.
Write a slogan for an animal rescue organization.
Write a headline about the following article:   https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2018/07/09/627487416/experts-children-benefit-from-early-exposure-to-language
Compare books and movies.
Create a tweet that is 140 characters or less and makes people laugh.
Create a program to analyze user interaction with a website.
Create an algorithm to identify whether two strings are anagrams.
Generate a definition for a new term: "Digitopia"
State three facts about the history of the internet.
Find an example of a painting that incorporates the use of geometric shapes.
Prepare a presentation about the sun.
List 3 different types of sonnets.
What is the English translation of “Bonjour”?
Identify the biggest challenge in using AI for medical diagnosis.
Generate a summary for the article "The Impact of Technology on Mental Health"
Generate a headline for an article about a new app called 'Dog Walker'.
Summarize the major differences between inherited traits and learned behaviors
Where does the expression “busy as a bee” come from?
List three countries that border the Mediterranean Sea.
Calculate the surface area of a cone with a radius of 5 and a height of 10.
List five spiritual practices
Create a game for young children to practice identifying colors.
How would you explain the concept of artificial intelligence to a group of middle schoolers?
Provide an example of an expression that is used to agree politely.
What could be done to reduce traffic congestion?
Tell me why technology is important for communications.
Generate a list of 5 strategies for addressing climate change.
Suggest a good place for a summer vacation.
Provide the main character feature for the novel "Lord of the Flies".
Classify the following words: Elephant, Tiger, Dog
What were the main causes of the American Civil War?
Explain the following quote: "The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it."
Create a step-by-step guide for installing a printer
What is a good rule of thumb when it comes to good eating habits?
Name two measures that a person can take in order to reduce global warming.
Name two animals which are not mammals.
Create a mood board for a project about a beach vacation
Describe the preparation of a spaghettio for a 3 year old
Explain the concept of reusability in software development.
Name a celebrity you admire
Generate a new expression to describe a person who is always late.
Write a script for a short play about a group of people trying to survive a significant natural disaster.
Discuss three possible tools that can help teams with efficient communication.
Tell me how to describe the color blue.
What is the capital of France?
Explain the marketing concept.
Convert 180 centimeters to inches.
Describe the concept of "Speculative Fiction".
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  "We cannot do what is necessary because of the limited resources we have."
Generate an elevator pitch for a business offering interior design services.
Translate the following sentence to Spanish: "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog."
Generate five words related to technology.
Explain why it is important to interview job candidates in person.
What is the maximum amount of people allowed in a noisy place?
Give advice about how to keep oneself healthy.
Compose a haiku with the theme of nature.
Compile a list of 5 habits to boost creativity.
Find out the steepest mountain in the world.
Identify the three benefits of using solar energy.
Explain the concept of Big O notation in coding.
Generate a new way to make a bedroom look bigger.
Describe the benefits of using a GPT model.
What is the maximum speed limit for a residential area?
Which is the world's longest river?
Outline strategies for reducing air pollution.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "We came up with a plan to make sure that our children have a better future."
What are the advantages of using a cloud-native architecture?
Describe the latest development related to global warming.
Create a 10-step guide for data pre-processing for a machine learning project.
Describe a suitable outfit to wear to a formal evening event.
Predict how company stocks will perform over the course of the next 6 months.
Compose a 4-measure melody in C minor.
Describe what a black hole is
Provide 3 examples of animals that lay eggs
What information can be found on a tax return?
Answer the following question: What are the three main components of a computer system?
Describe the protagonist's struggle in "The Great Gatsby"
Generate a team name for a group of three people.
Generate 10 creativity-boosting tips.
Provide three examples of physical activities.
Identify three applicable safety measures to prevent fires in the home
Describe the general idea behind genetic algorithms.
Find five common characteristics of books in the Fantasy genre.
Make a list of some countries in the Commonwealth of Nations.
What is the probability of rolling a total of 13 when rolling two dice?
Write a song lyric containing at least one specific moment in time
List 10 books that have won a Pulitzer Prize.
Identify a famous artist from the 20th century
Generate a list of 20 interesting topic ideas for a blog post on parenting.
How does climate change affect agriculture?
Identify words which are commonly confused and explain the difference between them
Name three foreign language you would like to learn.
Create a list of 10 verbs related to cooking
Generate a list of questions to properly evaluate an employee's performance.
Give me a sentence that illustrates the use of a dangling modifier.
Describe the advantages of using AI for crime detection.
Describe a method for safely storing sensitive data.
Trace the roots of the word 'monochromatic'
Compose a sympathy card for a family whose dog has just passed away
Answer the following question: What led to the fall of the Roman Empire?
Create a new sentence using the words "furious" and "outdated".
What is the closest galaxy to the Milky Way?
Illustrate how the Internet of Things (IoT) can improve life
Find two nouns that rhyme.
Give me an example of a time you had to have a difficult conversation.
Suggest some tips for writing an essay.
Give me an example of how a country could use blockchain technology
Generate a sentence that poses a rhetorical question
Create a web page that sells women's clothing.
What is the main difference between the Gaussian Mixture Model and the K-Means clustering?
Create a smoothie recipe that includes yogurt, blueberries, and peanut butter.
Write a 5-line script for an engaging conversation
Explain the fundamentals of blockchain technology
Find and identify a historic landmark in the US.
Describe the components of a persuasive essay.
Cite an article from a scientific journal that supports the use of GPT models.
Write a sentence using a metaphor to describe the feeling of being overwhelmed.
Give an example of an online course and explain why it is beneficial.
Describe why artificial intelligence is important.
Generate a list of three delicious dinner recipes.
Write an essay on the three major sociological theories
Write a blog about the benefits of mindfulness meditation
Create a greeting card for a friend who is going through a tough time.
Construct a persuasive proposal to reduce plastic usage.
Compose an email to your supervisor about a project progress report.
List 4 methods for dealing with the curse of dimensionality.
Explain the taxonomy of animals.
List the steps to build a chatbot
Name a type of plant that can grow in extreme temperatures.
Generate a pun from the words 'giraffe' and 'elephant'
Design a board game involving the theme of history.
Brainstorm five examples of how people can manage stress.
Create an exampe of a polite request to a friend.
Suggest 3 equipment for camping
Remove the words in brackets: [Tokyo] is the capital of Japan.
Describe a voyage to an island.
Create 3 unique styles of art
What words come to mind when you hear the word "hospitable"?
Classification. Is a zebra a mammal?
Generate a list of 5 popular songs from the 1990s.
Write a query to find the number of products sold in a given month.
Generate a solution for a faulty washing machine.
Find which country has the lowest average temperature in July.
Design a chatbot for a customer service website built with GPT-3.
Write an equation for the circumference of a circle.
Create a guideline to follow when developing user interface designs
Suggest two technical improvements to enhance security for a website.
Convert the following number to text: 4,162
Provide a list of five action points that can help prevent climate change.
Write an example of an imperative sentence.
Classify the type of entertainment "karaoke"
Describe the person who had the biggest impact on your life.
Create a graphic illustrating the concept of biodiversity.
Recommend a book that best explains aging.
Identify the different type of incentives given by a company to its employees.
Identify the differences between laptops and desktop computers.
Create a sentence that uses the nouns "leopard" and "shadow".
Come up with a social media campaign slogan.
Write a short narrative about what you did last weekend.
Compose a tweet that would attract viewers.
How can businesses make use of artificial intelligence?
Provide two examples of how artificial intelligence (AI) can be used in healthcare.
Generate an Italian proverb.
Describe a time when you had to take a big risk in order to get a desired outcome.
Compare and contrast the cultures of China and Japan.
Generate a story about a hero overcoming a challenge.
Explain the Law of Universal Gravitation.
Suggest three adjectives to describe spring.
Remind me to check my emails every Wednesday at 3pm.
Determine the median age of the following group: 15, 18, 12, 23, 18, 19
Describe the most effective strategy for climbing a mountain.
Perform a character analysis of Bilbo Baggins from "The Hobbit".
Generate creative ways to learn a language.
Give a 5-step guide on how to plant tulips
Give an example of how technology has had a positive impact on society.
Generate a list of tips that can help people manage stress.
Provide a context-free grammar for the sentence "Alice has a cat".
What are the three most essential foods to store in an emergency?
Write a few sentences comparing the old smartphones to the new ones.
Create a list of five simple questions that can be used to initiate small talk.
Create three different advertisements for a new smartphone.
Generate a unique username, containing 8 - 10 characters, made of both numbers and letters.
Generate a data-driven research report on the effects of COVID-19 in the food industry.
Classify the poem "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost as either a romantic or a modernist poem.
Provide a definition of artificial intelligence
Devise a creative way to market a new relaxation app.
Create an equation to represent a linear trend.
List the counties of Ireland.
What is an example of a technology that uses artificial intelligence?
Think of a metaphor to explain what "prosperity" means.
Generate a list of 8 adjectives to describe a character in a story. Output the adjectives one by one, seperated by comma.
Design a job application form
Create a character sketch of a space explorer.
Create a function to calculate the standard deviation of a set of numbers.
List 4 features of a bicycle.
Name three animals which live in the desert.
Compose a tweet expressing why diversity is important.
Write a code snippet in Java for creating an array of strings.
Based on the following description, classify the type of animal: Hairy mammal with upturned snout, long tusks and curved black ivory.
Compare and contrast the two styles of writing: writing for outdoor media versus writing for academic purposes.
Summarize the main points of a news article about the 2020 US election in 200 words.
Suggest a thoughtful gift for someone leaving a job
Generate a sports-related use case for a chatbot.
Come up with a sentence to describe the consequences of deforestation.
Propose two possible solutions to a company that wants to improve its customer service.
Compare the benefits and risks of eating house.
Generate an example of two people having a conversation about technology.
Find the name of the tallest mountain in the world.
Count the number of countries with coast lines in the Mediterranean Sea.
Explain the concept of biodiversity and its importance?
Analyze the correlation between economic growth and unemployment.
Compose a tweet about online education
Make a 5-item list of tips to improve customer service.
Describe the color pink.
Generate a story that involves a spaceship.
Find a movie for me on Netflix that has a rating of 8.0 or higher.
Identify three characteristics of human skin
Identify the inciting incident in the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Name at least two countries that are part of the European Union.
Give two reasons why an organization should focus on sustainability.
Create an example of a song title with a figurative meaning.
List 5 environmental issues.
Come up with an example tagline for a fictitious company.
Provide an example of a plant that can live in tropical areas.
Name two dishes that share a common ingredient.
Create a list of 10 principles of effective communication.
Name two ways to save money on groceries
What is the minimum age to vote in the USA?
Determine the coefficient of x in the expression (2x^2+x+1).
Generate a recommendation of a new food item to try.
Summarize the main points of the article "How COVID-19 is reshaping the global economy"
Summarize the paper "The Impact of Recycling Programs on the Environment".
Generate an example sentence using the figure of speech "metaphor"
Create an example of a data set that might be used in an AI assistant.
Convince me why I should buy the Apple iPhone 12.
Analyze the pros and cons of using a machine learning model for text summarization.
Explain what a stock split is.
How can technology help improve environmental conditions?
Describe the aesethic of a steampunk outfit
Describe one strength and one limitation of GPT-3.
Describe the senses experienced when eating your favorite food.
Make a list of questions that should be asked during a job interview.
Make a list of vegetables suitable for planting in summer.
Describe the symbolism in the painting "The Persistence of Memory" by Salvador Dalí
Develop a persuasive argument for why people should donate to a charity.
Create a database to store the student records of XYZ school.
Write a persuasive argument to convince someone to visit Rome.
What is the most abundant element in Earth's crust?
What are the three main differences between humans and animals?
Describe the visualization of a flock of birds migrating.
Create a few phrases that describe the importance of diversity in the workplace.
Identify a major benefit of using machine learning.
Develop a pitch for a new technology product that can measure access to healthcare.
Determine the surface area of a rectangular prism that is 19.6 cm long, 10 cm wide, and 5.9 cm high.
Find the fourth power of three.
How do you say "Thank you" in Japanese?
How do you recommend applying for a new job?
Generate a dataset of people's names in five different countries.
Generate a tweet of 140 characters or less that promotes the importance of education.
Give three example of plants that thrive in shade.
Provide a detailed description of a cloud-based data storage system.
Describe a strategy for memorizing vocabulary words.
Tell me the name of a romantic comedy movie released in the last 5 years.
Analyze and explain the following quote: “Breaking up with someone is like breaking legs. It’s slow, painful, and no one likes it.”
What is a heuristic in artificial intelligence?
Describe in a paragraph what you would do if you ran the world.
Generate a set of questions to ask a job candidate in an interview.
List 3 popular trends right now
Identify three types of government assistance that could help startups during the economic downturn.
Summarize the events of World War II in one sentence.
Generate name ideas for a pet shop.
Write a description of the architecture of a deep neural network model.
Explain why is cloud computing important for businesses.
Identify the type of sentence: She can play guitar.
Name three popular action movies released in the last 5 years.
Find the missing word in the proverb: “A rolling stone ??? no moss.”
Describe how to make the classic Italian dish, Spaghetti Carbonara.
List the symptoms of dengue fever.
Create a list of interview questions to evaluate a potential hire for a customer service representative position.
Name three ingredients that are used to make pizza.
Develop a training program for teaching basic coding.
Look up the definition of the Latin phrase "lexicalis", and explain it in your own words.
Categorize the following sentence: The car is red.
Create a tutorial explaining what artificial intelligence is
Describe the basics of Kanban project management
Calculate the maximum area that can be enclosed by a fence of 100 feet.
Identify the appropriate example of a verb in present tense.
Create a password with 8 characters which includes two numbers.
When we refer to the disk utilization we are usually talking about
Describe the relationship of philosophy and knowledge
Construct an argument against the commercialization of sports.
Create a list of three facts about cats
List 3 ways businesses can leverage AI to improve customer experience.
Write 3 questions related to the water cycle.
Compose an essay about the impact of technology on society.
Name two professional development skills that are important for managers to have.
Generate a listing of five items to pack for a weekend vacation
Create a password for email that includes 8 characters.
Generate a list of innovative app ideas for a digital store.
Explain what natural selection is.
Describe how a bubble sort algorithm works.
Brainstorm three design ideas for a garden
Construct a Regular Expression that allows for IP addresses in the range of 10.0.0.0 to 10.255.255.255
Develop a marketing strategy for a gift shop
List five steps to succeed in an online course.
Generate a meaningful quote about education.
Describe a scene of a person sleeping outdoors.
Generate a list of 3 to 4 activities that people can do to become more environmentally conscious.
Imagine you are a travel blogger writing about your experience in a foreign country. Draft a short blog post about your favorite memory there.
Write a catchy slogan for a brand using the words "dynamic" and "innovative".
Design an automated system to discover customer buying patterns.
Change the sound of the word ‘piano’
Outline a plan for addressing poverty in your community
What popular movements rose during the 1960s?
Describe what a hydraulic system is.
Arrange the following numbers in descending order: 3,2,-1,4,6
Generate a shopping list that includes five ingredients for a healthy breakfast
Calculate the sum of this series: 5+10+15+20+25
Construct a sentence using the words 'fervent', 'values', and 'instill'.
Name three benefits of technology on society
Generate a tagline for a restaurant specializing in coffee and tea.
Suggest 5 best practices for online customer service.
Create a list of three values to live by.
Please create a random password which contains 8 letters, 2 numbers and 2 symbols.
Explain the conflict between the U.S. and North Korea in 3 sentences.
Put the following words in alphabetical order: ranger, apple, orange.
Describe how an automated system could be used to detect fraud.
Describe the basic syntax of an if/else statement in JavaScript.
Generate an outline for a speech about the importance of language.
You need to write a letter to your sister congratulating her on her new job.
Identify two problems caused by global warming
Generate a self-introduction for a job interview.
Generate a news headline about the rise of cryptocurrency.
Identify two adjectives that describe a cactus.
Outline the 4 elements of story structure.
Generate a list of adjectives for describing an elephant.
Generate an HTML code that creates a checkbox form with the text "Subscribe to newsletter"
Give me an example of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Change the sentence from present continuous to past continuous: "I am studying for my exam."
Generate an anagogic metaphor for "knitting".
Tell me three known short-term effects of smoking marijuana.
Identify a characteristic of mammals.
Look up a recipe for grilled chicken.
In what country was President Roosevelt born?
What is the most important thing for a successful interview?
Describe the events that happen during mitosis.
Explain why communication is vital to strong relationships.
Sort the numbers 15, 11, 9, 22.
Rewrite the following sentence to reflect a formal writing style: "An independent contractor works for themselves, and not for a company."
Write a brief comparison of two different types of cheese.
Where is the Yangtze River located?
Search for information about a marketplace.
Propose a plan to reduce air pollution in urban areas.
Predict what might happen if the Earth's temperature rises.
How can AI be used to reduce bias and discrimination?
Find a rhyming word for the word "river".
Generate an outline for a 10-minute speech about a futuristic city.
How can schools create more inclusive environments?
How would you define the term “modular programming”?
Describe in detail an alien planet.
What are the benefits of using a cloud storage system?
Summarize the economy of China in 100 words.
Answer the following question: What is the weather in Tajikistan in December?
What is the temperature in Fahrenheit of 10°C?
What are the benefits of using blockchain technology in the finance industry?
Find the average of these 3 numbers: 1, 3, and 5.
Write a short statement emphasizing self-care.
Write short description about game of chess
Write two sentences that use the same adjectives to describe a picnic.
Name several applications of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs).
Summarize the civil war.
Write a sentence that expresses the emotion of annoyance.
What is the best exercise for building muscle mass?
Make a 3-piece pizza with these ingredients: mushrooms, olives, bell peppers.
Generate a 5-sentence paragraph discussing the role of play in children's development.
What is the predicted price of a car manufactured in 2009 and with 75,000 km
Find the number of students in Maths 101.
Research the latest news on the topic “AI in healthcare” and provide a summary with what you found in less than 100 words.
Suggest a few affordable healthy meal ideas for working parents.
Name three key elements of a logo design
Give two ways to conserve water
Name 3 species of mammals
List five steps for writing an essay.
Tell me about four different types of birds
Describe the process of obtaining a driver's license in your country.
Suggest five tips for dressing well for a formal event.
Generate a song title that has a dance vibe.
Find out the average salary for a Software Engineer in San Francisco.
Outline the steps for resolving a conflict.
Re-write the sentence " All that glitters is not gold " in a different way
Explain an application for the Bernoulli Distribution.
Describe a prototypical website page
Name the three main components of natural language processing
Suggest an appropriate title for a blog post that discusses the impact of social media on our society.
Describe the value of education.
Divide 45 by 9
Create a list of potential strategies to improve customer service.
Generate a number which is divisible by 15 and also a prime number.
Write down the benefits of practicing meditation.
Write a character sketch for a cranky old man
Translate this sentence into Japanese: “You are the light of my life”
Find an example of a successful marketing plan
What action should be taken to reduce plastic waste?
Name one city in China.
How does radioactivity affect organisms?
Tell me a strange fact about the Taj Mahal?
Create a context-free sentence that describes a beach.
Given the input, explain why revenge is considered a negative emotion.
Name three families in the Marvel Universe.
Create a slogan for a healthy eating campaign.
Translate the phrase "I love you" into Spanish.
Explain how a low-carb diet can help people with type 2 diabetes.
Write a Python program to print all the prime numbers between 0 and 100.
Write a poem that speaks of loneliness
Describe a scenario for a technology company to increase customer engagement
Construct a query to find the top 10 most populous countries in the world.
Provide five tips to stay organized.
Outline three steps for setting up a social media campaign.
Outline the steps to troubleshoot a software problem.
Convert 4.888 to a fraction
Convert 3 kilometers to meters.
Generate an example of a difficult decision someone might have to make.
Come up with a solution to this puzzle: Two cats are in a room. One of them is white and the other is black. How do you separate them without relying on sound or sight?
Write a formal apology letter that is 250 words long.
List three components of a computer.
Suggest a few activities in Barcelona.
Explain why some people prefer to use Linux rather than Windows.
You need to come up with a title for a science fiction movie.
Name three countries that border Russia.
Explain why people would want to open online stores.
Consider the following sentence: "I was born in the United States". Provide the part of speech for the word “born”.
List 3 common techniques used for text summarization.
Describe the voting process in the United States
Identify the common structure of a persuasive speech.
Explain how to make BBQ sauce.
Rewrite the sentence in the past tense: He was walking to the store.
Identify a sustainable practice that helps the environment.
How has technology changed the way people communicate?
Create a spreadsheet using MS Excel to track inventory for a retail store.
Provide 2 examples of cultural diversity in the US.
Find an example of a metaphor in this sentence: My life is like a river flowing inexorably.
Generate a jingle for the following brand: Nike
Create a survey question that could be used to compare the preferences between two groups of people.
Name one continent that is not in Europe.
Create an original dialogue with two people introducing each other.
Write four sentences about pandemics starting with the word "Pandemics".
Generate an article summarizing the top 10 facts about the coronavirus pandemic.
List three objects that would make a good gift for a 5-year old child
Create a mathematical equation for calculating speed if given the formula distance divided by time.
Write a description of what a human heart looks like.
Construct a model of an atom
Compare and contrast IPv4 and IPv6.
Design a database to record employee salaries.
Design an iPhone app that helps people track their daily water intake.
Tell a story about a situation in which the person feels lonely.
Describe the differences between web applications and mobile applications.
Generate a sentence that evaluates the impact of a bill passed in 2020
Group the following list of animals by size. Output the names of the animals in each group.   Hippopotamus, Elephant, Lion, Giraffe, Gorilla, Ocelot, Beaver
Write a limerick that is about technology.
Provide three best practices for promoting positive mental health in an organization.
Come up with a creative idea for a promo campaign for a smartphone.
Classify this sentence as True or False  AI can think like a human being.
What is the capital of Bangladesh? Output the name of the capital.
Explain why using a combination of primary and secondary research is important when conducting market research.
Guess the style of a given painting.
You need to translate “I have been to Europe twice" into Spanish.
What is the primary benefit of using a virtual assistant to manage a business?
Talk about Michelangelo's life without mentioning his works.
Give an example of an energy transformation from chemical energy to kinetic energy.
Tell me a story your grandparent told you when you were young.
Generate a list of three interesting topics to write a 5 page research paper on.
Rank the following four items from most common to least common in terms of usage in the English language: "apologise", "apologize", "advise" and "advice".
Create a new comic strip.
Create a 12-step program to manage depression.
Explain the difference between kinetic and potential energy.
Compare the benefits of a private and a public university
Generate code to create an array of numbers from 1 to 100
Name five common sources of air pollution
In this task, you are required to come up with three examples of how technology can be used to lead a healthier lifestyle.
Create a database of 20 product categories and 80 products.
Time to have a little fun. Create a funny tongue-twister.
What key factor allows the World Wide Web to function?
Write a script that prints a 4x4 spiral of numbers from 1 to 16.
Come up with an idea for a digital product
Relevance of classical studies for modern times
Propose a strategy to solve global poverty.
Find the volume of a cylinder with a height of 10 inches and a radius of 2 inches.
Reword this sentence: Children should not play with matches.
List five areas of life that technology has impacted.
Write a persuasive essay about animal rights
Make a list of five safety tips for driving a car.
Develop a strategy for negotiating better wages in the workplace.
Create a Chinese proverb.
Write two different dialogue lines for a character.
Translate "I am happy" into Spanish.
Convert 2 hours and 15 minutes into seconds.
Give 5 creative and original ways to use a glass jar.
Suggest five types of discounts a company can offer to its customers.
Describe a kitchen in a restaurant.
Write three sentences about the impact of technology on society
Explain how Coronavirus affects people's respiratory system.
What are the pros and cons of travelling by car?
What is the origin of the phrase "dressed to kill"?
I have a 3-year-old daughter - can you suggest a good book for her to read?
Design a website for an international travel agency.
Generate a list of five ways to reduce garbage production.
Create a survey with at least five questions  related to a pet-ownership experience.
Suppose you need to write a program that sorts numbers in ascending order. Write the pseudocode for the program.
List three examples of an internal control system.
Create a web page with a contact form.
Create an algorithm that can output the closest matching words given a set of input words.
Which service is needed for web hosting?
How would you describe a law of thermodynamics?
Generate a list of three safety tips for kids to follow when walking to school.
Create a database table for storing customer purchase history.
Explain the concept of coding to a 3rd grader.
What security risks should organizations consider when moving data to the cloud?
Describe a creative way to use wearables as part of a marketing campaign.
List 3 countries in Africa and their capital cities.
Explain why the use of virtual assistants has grown in organizations.
Create a dialogue between two colleagues discussing a project they are working on.
Suggest a behavior that violates an unspoken workplace rule.
I am looking for a recipe to make the best grilled cheese sandwich.
Summarize the following in two sentences:  The increasing commercialization of our environments is having a major impact on our lives.
State the main differences between a tornado and a hurricane.
Name two endangered animals
Provide an original analogy to compare a computer to.
How could the government improve access to education?
What is the fastest swimming stroke?
Write a SQL query that returns the top 10 customers by total spent
Create a headline for an article about electric cars.
Generate 3 marketing ideas to increase engagement on a product's social media account.
Write the title of an article.
Design a game to teach children to recognize shapes.
What kind of machine learning algorithm works best for identifying fraud?
Generate a sentence that expresses the following opinion: “The intensity of the sunlight can be affected by clouds.”
Create a catchy headline for a news article about global warming.
Name three natural ingredients that can be used for skin care
Generate a syntactically correct sentence using these words: spear, pursue, enemy
Generate a sci-fi setting.
Name the year in which World War I began.
Generate a list of 10 steps to increase focus and productivity.
Name three symbols that are associated with the 4th of July
Write code for an array that contains a list of numbers from 1 to 10
What is the risk of using a credit card for online purchases?
Write a function for shuffling a deck of cards
Give 10 examples of adjectives that describe a person.
Compose a poem that features nature as the main theme.
Come up with one unique invention
Estimate the cost of purchasing a new car.
Suggest some ways to engage athletes during large group practice sessions.
Add an interesting fact about the movie 'Titanic'
Name two main characters of the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Explain how to perform an industry analysis.
Suggest an online course suitable for a middle school student with an interest in web design.
Come up with a creative slogan for an environmental NGO.
Generate a musical arrangement that includes melodic lines, chords and accompanying instruments.
Name two risk factors for stroke.
List all the different ways a person can showcase creativity.
Write a recipe for a simple pasta dish.
Write a line of poetry that expresses gratitude.
Provide an example of text generated by a language model.
Generate a strategy to reduce waste production by a company.
Design a holiday greeting card with a "romantic" theme.
Generate five questions related to nuclear physics.
List five different types of users for a website
Write two rules of etiquette for attending a formal dinner.
Describe the new online course in 4 sentences.
Generate a list of 10 non-traditional holiday dishes.
Create a movie review for the movie Frozen, expressing your opinion and giving it a score from 1-10.
Create a function that takes two numbers as arguments and divides the first one by the second one.
Determine the temperature of a cup of coffee with a volume of 250mL and temperature of 70°C
Generate a memorable quote from Albert Einstein.
Please rephrase this sentence: "Computers need instructions from humans in order to work properly".
Create three text-based mini-games in Python.
Describe how an AC system works.
Provide two examples of a metaphor used to describe a person
I need a list of the top 10 fastest cars in the world.
Create a mission statement for an animal shelter.
Identify the sum of the angles of a triangle.
Construct a powerpoint deck describing the impact of climate change
Create a list of three ways to reduce electricity consumption
What are the major components of the Java programming language?
Write a slogan for a new home decor store.
Create an analogy to represent the process of Machine Learning.
Name some language that are used for coding
Find the weather forecast for New York for today
Generate one sentence about the importance of education for all.
Identify 5 sources of finance.
How far is it from Arizona to California?
Generate a unique nickname for someone named George
Generate a question about galaxies and their structure.
List some disadvantages of using computer vision in artificial intelligence applications.
I need you to write an argumentative essay on the topic "The Effect of Social Media on Teenagers"
Edit the following sentence to eliminate any grammar errors: They tried to fix the car all day.
Name two US cities where the Broadway musical plays are held?
How do online reviews influence consumer behavior?
Generate an algorithm for the game Hangman.
Conjugate the verb "walk" in the past tense
Analyze the impact of globalization on global economics
Arrange the following words in alphabetical order: App, Boy, Data, Cloud.
Identify the largest city in the United States.
List the five major oceans in the world in order of size.
Generate an algorithm to check if a given string is a palindrome.
Generate a storyline for a movie about a former professional basketball player
Explain why a company would choose the pay-per-click (PPC) advertising model.
Generate excellent captions for the following photo of a bee on a flower.
Create a list of 10 states in US
Name a small mammal
Determine which type of the given organizations are more profitable, government or private organizations?
Describe an architectural style of a building.
What are the initials of the United Nations?
What geometric shape has 5 sides and 5 angles?
Describe the worst vacation you've ever had
Generate a fictional setting of a science-fiction world.
Compile a list of 5 specific characteristics of a software engineer.
Explain the concept of natural selection by providing an example.
Place the following words into alphabetical order: fog, tree, volcano, pen.
Provide 5 ways to increase your productivity.
Categorize the ships in "Star Trek" by type.
Create an outline for a research paper on the effects of social media on mental health.
What technology is used when sending an email?
Give two advantages of using AI in healthcare.
Generate an HTML page that calculates the area of a circle from a given radius.
Make the following sentence more concise: "I was surprised when I heard the news because I had not been expecting it".
Name 5 fashion designers.
Name three strengths you have and explain how they will benefit the company if you were to be hired.
What are the criteria for making a good pizza?
Compose a convincing email to convince your reader to donate $500 to your charity fundraiser.
Find the volume of a cube with edge length of 2 meters.
Find the mathematical equation for the perimeter of the square with sides of length a.
Organize events for a summer camp.
Create a list of five interactive activities that can be used to teach math to grade two students.
Name a popular strategy used for employee engagement.
Write a paragraph to describe the impact of initiatives to reduce vehicular emissions on the environment.
Compare technology from the 1990's to the present day.
Make a list of items you need to bring when camping.
Discuss two advantages of cloud computing.
Design a poster advertising a nature conservancy park.
What is the capital of the state of New York?
Complete this sentence: After a hard day of work, I like to relax by...
Generate five nouns related to the topic of technology.
Name some strategies for effective communication
Create a scenario involving four people, Bob, Jack, Sarah, and Angela, and explain why they are not speaking to each other.
How would you use a paragraph of text to explain what a stock market index is?
Design an AI assistant that can help with investment decisions.
Compile a list of five schools in the US that offer degree programs in data science.
How many pins are there on a Playstation 2 controller?
Build a shopping list of ingredients for a vegan GF brownie recipe.
Evaluate the sentence "She managed to win the race"
Write a regex for an email address.
Formulate a hypothesis about the behavior of cats.
What animal is associated with the country of Ireland?
Write a query to retrieve all the customers from the table
Create a unique username using only lowercase letters and numbers
Name three US presidents who passed civil rights legislation.
Create a dialogue between two characters about the importance of nature conservation.
What type of cloud is a "cumulonimbus" cloud?
Generate a list of 7 persuasive reasons why someone should own a pet.
Name three famous musical pieces composed before 1950.
Create a flower arrangement for a birthday party.
Explain the physics concept of projectile motion.
Re-word the proverb, "The early bird catches the worm"
Explain why saving for retirement is important.
What are two chemical components of water?
Generate a goal I can achieve this month.
Create a timeline of the history of computer vision.
Generate a job title for a job that involves data analysis and report creation.
Write a short essay to explain the potential health benefits of eating fish.
Which is the hottest planet in our Solar System?
Generate a list of principles for ethical business practices
Explain the difference between a long-term goal and a short-term goal.
Share five facts about Mount Everest.
Name three places where one could find monkeys.
List some applications for a smartphone.
Brainstorm 3 possible applications of machine learning.
Describe how wireless networks send and receive information.
Find the value of y given x=-1: y=-2x+3.
Write a speech advocating for environmental protection.
Generate a headline for an article about a climate crisis.
Suggest an activity to enjoy in nature.
Design a style guide for a website design project
What is the surface area of a cube with length 5 meters?
Design a poster that promotes summer vacation in Thailand.
Create a data structure appropriate for storing student records.
Change the structure of the following sentence while keeping the meaning intact: "Life is beautiful."
Change this sentence "She is broke" to fourth person past tense.
What is the probability of flipping 2 coins and getting 2 heads?
Guide the user on how to store food properly.
What is Dependency Parsing?
Create five multiple-choice questions related to Earth science.
Write a few sentences to explain why marketing plays an important role in business.
Identify the difference between statistical modeling and machine learning.
Name six different types of digital marketing.
Compose an outline of a speech on the following topic: How to help the environment.
Find the prime factorization of 2800.
Give me the simple past tense of "fall".
What is a synonym of 'versatile'?
Draft an email to your boss asking for a raise.
Turn this statement into a question:  Flying is fun.
Name five famous scientists in the 20th century.
Generate a horror story involving a haunted house.
Create a story about a robot that refused to obey its owner.
How high is Mount Everest?
Select the odd one out from the following words: pottery, pastry, jewelry, carpenter.
Explain what an e-commerce platform is.
Which format usually follows the MLA guidelines?
Write a conversation between two characters discussing a problem.
Create a poem that describes the moon.
Name a type of visualisation that can be used to represent time series data.
Generate 10 topics that could be used for a blog about artificial intelligence.
Tell me an example of an oxymoron.
Generate a list of benefits for using a reusable water bottle.
Help me make a plan for when I'm running late
Find out the average temperature in Los Angeles in July.
What's five letter word that means to act surreptitiously?
Provide an example of a complex adverb
Give an example of a break clause in a contract.
Write a persuasive argument against the use of plastic straws
Generate a story about a farmer who finds a genie in a lamp.
Given the following statement, come up with a marketing tagline that is 7 words or fewer. Output: We offer the best prices for quality shoes
Rewrite the sentence: "The piece was written in a poetic form"
Explain why deep neural networks are particularly useful for natural language understanding.
What is the best way to handle conflicts between two coworkers?
Compare and contrast the two planets, Mars and Earth.
Describe a tree in 5 adjectives
Find the temperature of boiling water at sea level.
Make up a story about a street singer.
Classify this statement: "Whales are mammals".
Generate a persuasive argument for using renewable sources of energy.
Follow this instruction - sing a song about joy
Describe the traditional art of origami.
Write a blog post on the topic of 'This is how I embraced the unknown of this past year'
Create a recipe for a Creamy Tomato Soup.
Write a function that swaps the values of two variables.
Describe an "all-or-nothing" attitude.
What is the first line of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights?
Calculate the total number of eyes and legs for a group of 6 cats, 4 dogs, and 5 mice.
Generate a new headline for the following article: Heuristic Evaluation of a Web Site.
Explain why it is important to use dynamic programming instead of naive recursive algorithm.
Generate a revolutionary manifesto of no more than 500 words.
Describe the smell of the beach in spring.
Compose a tweet introducing the PBS show Masterpiece
Describe the difference between data mining and data analysis.
Multiply 5 and 6.
What do you think about when you are alone in a car?
Develop a set of questions to assess someone's knowledge of machine learning.
Generate a step-by-step shopping guide to buying a laptop
Come up with an original analogy about a crayon.
Suggest an appropriate gift for a friend's birthday.
Explain the concept of money laundering
Create a fictional story about a group of people standing up against an oppressive government
Generate an encouraging message for a student who has failed a test.
Give an example of a time when an animal displayed an act of heroism.
Generate a tag line for a cafe.
You are the mayor of a major city and you need to create a budget plan. Please describe how you would do this.
Construct a ten-minute HIIT routine.
Explain the moral implications of cloning
Describe a type of tool that can help with digital transformation.
List five elements of effective communication.
Compare and contrast the advantages and disadvantages of a virtual assistant.
Write a creative story about a group of people stuck on an alien planet.
Create a tagline for a company dealing in online banking.
Make a list of 10 useful expressions for a conversation in French.
Describe an example of when machine learning could be used to solve a problem.
List three misconceptions about artificial intelligence.
Suggest a funny pun (not vulgar) based on the word "taco".
Explain what the term 'burden of proof' means.
Name two elements that are a part of a debate.
Name 5 common asthma triggers.
Can you suggest a unique name for a software development company?
What is a good strategy to cope with stress?
Suggest a creative activity you can do at home with young children.
Create an anagram for the word "penguin".
Name three processes in the Earth's thermosphere.
Generate a hypothesis about the heating of liquid from its vapor.
Sketch a chair design with an ergonomic shape.
Explain the use of cloud computing in the healthcare industry.
If a data set contains 500 observations and 5 attributes, how many cells are in the data set?
Identify the current revenue growth rate of Google.
Pick a color from the list of primary colors (red, blue, yellow).
Generate a new sentence based on the topic "Dog training".
Name the benefits of using OAuth.
Describe the impact of the industrial revolution
Analyse the political implications of a 4 day work week.
How does the temperature affect the speed of sound?
Design a Mediterranean-style salad.
Describe President Obama's most significant accomplishments during his presidency.
List two different types of predicates.
Write a HTML tag to create a table.
Suggest a name for a website that provides online tutoring services.
Identify a famous French artist.
Outline the major points of the US Constitution.
When do most people retire?
How can use the concept of 'Zero Trust' Principles?
How many sides a dodecagon has?
Describe the most interesting thing that you have learned about whales in one paragraph.
Generate a ten word sentence with the word "raspberry".
Describe the reasons why human brains are better at recognizing patterns than computers
Generate three adjectives to describe how a computer feels.
Think of a creative way to deliver a message without using words.
Rewrite this sentence:  "John ran and ran until he couldn't run anymore."
Rearrange the words to make a correct sentence: the went children park
Construct a timeline for the major events of the French Revolution.
Explain the importance of the elements Nitrogen and Oxygen.
Name 3 common client-side scripting languages.
Identify the subject in this sentence: "Mike caught the bus to school"
Name all the elements in the periodic table with symbol C.
How can I make my computer faster?
Generate a question that would help move a conversation forward
Generate a story including the words "strange," "moon," and "journey".
Generate a short paragraph describing a post-apocalyptic world.
What's the most difficult medical condition to diagnose?
Construct a sentence using three of the following words: ponder, ripe, dash, drudge
Name one of Romeo and Juliet's children.
Generate an example of a conversation between two people about the weather in San Francisco.
Provide the price for a regular adult ticket for a 3D movie at AMC in San Francisco.
Design an experiment to test if artificial intelligence can improve medical diagnosis accuracy.
Give examples of ways to reduce pollution.
Generate a short description of a computer that has a Creative Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD.
Define the term "regression analysis"
Give a brief definition of OOP (Object Oriented Programming).
Describe the use of water in a nuclear power plant.
Create a example of a metaphor.
Generate a list of topics that would be suitable for a presentation on library management.
Generate a set of questions you can use as interview questions.
Create a poem using the theme 'the beauty of nature.'
Generate the form of the past of the following verb: Fly
Write a relatable story about a teenager that graduated high school.
Compare the concept of a 'market' with the concept of a 'mall'.
Compare and contrast the Earth's four layers.
Edit the following paragraph to make it more interesting:  "An algorithm is a set of instructions used to solve a problem. Algorithms can involve data processing and decision making."
Give an example of a fruit that grows on a tree.
List four technologies used for creating 3D printing.
Find out the most popular sport in Canada.
Create an algorithm for converting an integer to a string.
Suggest a natural language processing project
Name 3 things a software engineer should know.
Find the area of a rectangle with width = 4m and height = 7m.
Summarize an article about the future of human-robot interactions.
Describe how a website can be optimized for search engines
What do you need to consider when making an investment decision?
Write a short story with a fairy tale theme.
Elaborate on customer experience management in the retail industry.
Analyze these lyrics: "Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world".
Summarize your last holiday in two sentences.
Tell me the Nobel Prize winner of 2019 in Physics
Edit these sentences to make them more concise: "I was feeling really overwhelmed and exhausted after a long day"
What should a home gardener be aware of when growing tomatoes?
Create a list of competencies necessary for a data scientist.
How can GPT be used to solve complex tasks such as natural language understanding?
Identify the type of sentence in the following example: "The cat meowed".
Invent a pun related to a pizza delivery.
Compose a poem about longing for home.
Make a car analogy for the term "transaction"
List three Mediterranean countries
Determine how to measure the performance of a GPT model.
What does the phrase "Do More With Less" mean?
Generate a poem about the joys of nature.
Provide a meaning of the term "Machine Learning".
Name the countries that border Mexico.
Suggest a artwork title for a painting of a stormy beach.
Write a headline for a news article about the Space X launch.
What is the best way to play an E chord on a guitar?
Divide 546 by 14
Categorize the following objects: book, chair, desk
Explain what is meant by the term 'supply and demand'
Develop a plan to reduce electricity usage in a home.
Explain the purpose of the Iterative Development approach in software engineering.
Generate a story about a person who is desperate to escape from their living situation.
Describe how a person's life might be different if he/she won the lottery.
Collect data on the US presidential elections and classify them into appropriate categories.
Compose a song about self-love.
Come up with a slogan for a company that sells organic food products.
Write a query to pull the last 5 products added to the table.
Describe the contributions of Albert Einstein to physics.
Create a summary of the following passage:  London is the capital city of England and the United Kingdom. It is a leading global city with strengths in the arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism, and transport all contributing to its prominence. It is one of the most populous cities in the world, with an estimated population of 8.9 million in 2019.
Categorize the following sentence: "The teacher wrote on the board."
Name four instruments of the string family.
Find a dinosaur species in the Jurassic Period with a name starting with a "T".
Create an imaginary story about a person visiting a new city.
Name five animals which are capable of flight
Explain the importance of data architecture in AI system
Explain what is meant by the phrase, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
Compose a musical lead-in to a jazzy song
Give a definition of a convolutional neural network
With what are you currently most concerned?
Imagine a future world where robots and humans coexist. Describe it.
Generate a concise but meaningful goodbye message
Compare and contrast the main types of electromagnetic radiation.
Design a web page showing the temperature of a city.
Come up with 3 uses for a handkerchief.
Create a sound system for a library.
Name 5 common disease-causing pathogens.
Suppose you have a dataset with 30 attributes. Select the feature selection method you will use to select the best subset of attributes.
Write a 1 sentence summary of digital marketing.
Generate a plan for spending a weekend in San Francisco.
What are the advantages of a computer compared to a calculator?
Write a Java program which finds the maximum number from a given array
Rewrite the sentence "She looked out of the window" to make it more concise.
Generate a motivational quote
Estimate the size of a slice of pizza.
Explain in 2 sentences why reputation is important for businesses.
Name four benefits of taking a walk
Make a list of the top 5 inventions in the last century.
Give me the average life expectancy in the US
Explain the concept of memory hierarchy
Calculate the perimeter of a rectangle with length 12 and width 6.
Give a suggestion for a fun activity that can be done with friends.
Construct a database that can store customer information.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "The cat have five tails"
Change the following sentence into present perfect tense: "He spoke at the conference."
Write a news article reporting a new species of animal discovered in the forest.
What are the five steps of problem solving?
Generate a few sentences summarizing a story about a person who discovers an unknown talent.
Name three common food allergens.
What decade is the song "It's My Life" by Bon Jovi released?
Explain how to debug a function in Python.
Generate a dialog between two people discussing the best way to improve studying for school.
Write a story that features a character whose life changed dramatically because of a dream.
Make up an analogy to explain electricity.
Describe the color wheel and the color spectrum.
Create a list of 10 noise pollution control strategies
Write a few sentences about the importance of water
Explain the concept of genetic variation.
Write a paragraph about a beach vacation.
Edit this sentence to make it more persuasive: "I think we should buy the car"
Suggest a marketing strategy for a luxury car brand.
Calculate the cost of buying 5 items, each costing $15
Find the conjugated forms for the verb 'cantar' (Spanish).
Convert the following amount of money to the US dollar: 16.75 GBP
What is the main purpose behind the formation of the United Nations?
Develop a song with a melancholic tone.
Generate a new idea for a form of art.
Given this sentence, "Software engineering is a challenging field," suggest a follow-up question that could be asked.
How long does it take for the moon to complete one orbit around the Earth?
Create a five-step guide to making a delicious pasta dish
Suggest a diet plan to reduce cholesterol levels in the body.
Generate a new sentence that uses metonymy
Create a hypothesis about why elephants have such big ears.
Create a script that prints the number 1 to 10.
What is the main function of a refrigerator?
Provide two different nouns that describe a store.
Create a data visualization to compare the mortality rates of 2020 with that of 2019.
List five challenges faced by refugees.
Briefly explain what is the Flesch-Kincaid reading ease score
Think of a clever way to ask a person out on a date
Summarize a recent news article that discusses the impacts of climate change.
Name the top 5 TV shows that have the highest IMDB rating?
Find the top 10 cities in the US with the highest population
What is the function of the mitochondria in a cell?
Construct a query to select customers who spend more than $1,000 in total in the last year.
Write a definition (10 words or fewer) for the word "epiphany".
Invent a creative way to use virtual reality technology.
Create a rhyming poem about water.
Come up with a unique logo for a computer software company.
Generate a list of verbs that describe movement
Who invented the transistor?
Design an AI chatbot interface for a customer service representative.
In what year did the most recent financial crisis start?
Generate an activity that a family can do together on a weekend.
Suppose you want to build an efficient natural language generation system that can generate a summary given an article. List any possible techniques and tools you may use.
Find an open source library for natural language processing
Create a timeline showing the main events of the American Revolution.
Create a chart displaying the US population growth throughout the years.
Explain what a wiki is in your own words.
Create an outdoor scavenger hunt
Propose a creative and original idea.
Explain what game theory is.
Generate a 3-month budget plan for a household of 4.
Describe the process of photosynthesis in 100 words or less.
Give two natural examples of the law of conservation of energy
What are the most common problems faced by teenagers today?
Find the definition of "proof of concept".
Generate a 3-sentence horror story that incorporates "black crows" and "superstitious fears".
Construct a mental model for cost optimization.
Make a list of five benefits of reading.
Explain why it is important to create a diverse workforce.
Where can people experience snorkelling?
Suggest a method for selecting features for supervised learning.
What are the three steps for setting goals?
Write a review for a book of your choice.
Construct a query to find the most recent news articles about artificial intelligence
Which type of pronouns can be used to replace the word 'it'?
Compare the physical and chemical characteristics of baking soda and baking powder.
Identify an advantage of online learning.
Generate a three-line poem about dreams.
What is the average height of a male in the US?
What are the four dimensions of intelligence according to Gardner?
Create a list of the 5 most important tasks that need to be completed in order to launch a software product.
Calculate the total cost of a purchase given the following: Quantity = 10, Price = $4
Convince me why studying history is important.
Name the countries that are part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
List five American sports teams
Write a mathematical expression that evaluates to 8 given the variables a, b, and x.
Describe a unique recipe and provide cooking instructions.
Create a two-player game involving a combination of strategy and luck.
Generate a list of 5 topics that can be discussed in a technology-focused TED Talk.
Create a sentence that would be a metaphor for the phrase "sleeping on the job".
Compose a tweet that includes the hashtag #AI
Compose a melody for a song about nature.
Research the benefits of yoga and explain them in a few sentences
Recommend a suitable career for an individual with a degree in accounting and finance.
How does air pressure affect the environment?
Pick three examples that can illustrate the concept of metaphysical dualism.
What are some tips for effective communication?
Describe the difference between an artist and an illustrator.
Brainstorm five possible ideas for a website about vintage fashion.
Describe a medieval forest habitat and its inhabitants.
Explain the term “polarization” as it applies to politics.
Find two interesting facts about the history of the automated teller machine (ATM).
What ways could we conserve energy?
Give three practical tips for running a successful business.
Explain the impact of Big Data on the healthcare industry.
Write a one-paragraph story which involves two people who speak different languages.
Explain the purpose of manual data entry?
How would you use your skills and knowledge to solve a problem?
What features should a refrigerator have?
Describe the behavior of a cat’s eyes when it is threatened.
Provide a 5-step strategy to break a bad habit.
Explain what a blockchain is in simple terms.
Identify the type of phrase in the sentence: "Beneath the tree.
Explain the role of a software engineer
Name a type of fruit that starts with the letter 'P'.
List 5 best practices for choosing the right typeface for a document.
Compile a list of five rare string instruments.
Write a Java program to implement a simple calculator.
Describe a common workflow for software engineering.
Describe how a recommender system works
Suggest a web hosting service that fits the needs of a company that requires high security and optimum uptime.
Generate a poem that compares two contrasting ideas.
Compose a limerick using the following words: star, deep, Earth, night.
How many subscribers does PewDiePie have
Describe some of the cons of using a language model approach in Machine Learning.
Compare and contrast the effects of a volcanic eruption and a tornado.
What is a disadvantage of using a deep learning network to perform object detection?
Make a strawberry smoothie.
Come up with 3 marketing strategies for a new website
Find the volume of a sphere with a radius of 5.
Describe the current social distancing guidelines.
Provide an example of a non-renewable source of energy.
Come up with three ideas for a prototype product that will help people during a crisis.
Generate a captivating story of a student attending a prestigious school and grappling with personal moral issues.
Explain why the sun appears red at sunset.
Generate a persuasive argument to encourage people to reduce their carbon footprint.
Name two brands from the automotive industry in the United States.
Name two paintings by Raphael.
Explicate the metaphor "a rose among thorns"
Explain what is an algorithmic trading.
Create a story about a princess and some dragons.
Describe the concept of 360° feedback.
Find a recipe for a dessert that can be prepared in 10 minutes.
Design an algorithm to solve an interesting problem
Develop a content strategy to increase website traffic from social networks.
Given the following text, list 5 facts about dolphins:  Dolphins are one of the most intelligent animals on Earth and have fascinated humans since ancient times.
Describe what an antivirus does.
Generate a one-sentence description of an urban area.
Generate a hashtag that describes the value of education.
What is the blockchain
Compose a story about an adventure on the high seas.
Describe the traditional publishing process.
F ind all books related to the keyword “ecology” and output the titles in alphabetical order.
Find the next number in the sequence: 88, 104, 120
Name three organizations working to reduce global poverty.
Describe a way to make a simple, healthy sandwich.
Generate a question that someone could ask a new person they have just met.
Provide an example of a skill worth learning
Generate a list of 5 of the most important components of an essay.
Summarize the book The Cat in the Hat
Name the first three books in the Harry Potter Series.
Is dancing a healthy form of exercise?
Fill in the blanks.The Earth's atmosphere is composed of _____________ gases.
Name two advantages of using a computer versus manual labor.
How can AI impact education?
Rewrite this sentence to make it sound more polite - "Where is the closest store?"
Generate a representative example of how individuals should react to prejudice.
Write an email to a teacher requesting an extension on an assignment.
Create a greeting for the morning
Name a few techniques to reduce stress.
What was the name of the first novel written by Charles Dickens?
Name the three official languages spoken in Belgium.
Generate a sentence using the following transition words: once, but, and
Write an essay discussing the role of trust and credibility in relationships.
Write a short paragraph describing the life of someone who is over 80 years old.
Recount a time when you have used technology to help someone.
Give me the name of a famous pain artist.
Create a character sketch for a character named Jack using only three adjectives.
Explain why Bitcoin is a decentralized system.
List 3 differences between a tabby cat and a Siamese cat.
Construct a sentence with the words “periodically”, “vibrant”, and “catalyst”
Find the median of the following set of numbers: 8, 4, 3, 6, 7, 9
What are the types of supervised learning algorithms?
Determine the chemical equation for the reaction between Carbon dioxide and water
Outline the benefits of a company using AI-driven customer service
Calculate the probability of getting two heads in four coin tosses.
Compose an email introducing yourself to your new team.
Create a list of animals that hibernate during winter.
Generate a list of five different books about science.
Give three types of kitchen utensils
Name three benefits of walking every day.
What is the main theme of the book ‘The Catcher in the Rye’?
What are the key elements of a successful research paper?
Write a short letter to your best friend and share some of your thoughts and feelings.
Create an appropriate toast for a celebratory event
In a word, describe the Grand Canyon
Give three different examples on how artificial intelligence can be used in business.
When did fall of the Berlin Wall take place?
Write down the titles and descriptions for 5 episodes of an animated adventure
Put together a complete sentence using the words "prodigious", "indelible" and "simplicity"
What types of visual elements should you include when designing a logo?
Generate a list of questions a customer might ask when purchasing a product.
Describe an example of how computers are used in education.
Describe the cultural differences between Granada and Madrid.
What is the definition of a vector in computer science?
Compare and contrast the use of AI in the fields of healthcare and education.
Generate a story about two characters discovering a treasure on an island.
Explain the importance of recursion in computer science.
Identify the parts of speech in the sentence “She spoke slowly”.
Summarize why it is important for people to be environmentally conscious.
Generate a story using these three words: starry, whisper, river.
Suggest a vegetable dish
Generate an example of a customer service conversation involving the keyword "shipping".
Generate a slogan for a startup company that focuses on providing eco-friendly services.
Brainstorm two ideas for improving this website.
Write down the steps to solve a Rubik’s Cube
Convert the number 18 to hexadecimal
Generate a sentence using the following words: cake, snow, April
Describe the arguments for and against mandatory military service.
Generate a song title that captures the spirit of the future.
Describe a situation in which being detail-oriented is important.
Define what botnet is in one sentence.
Define the term 'machine learning'.
What makes a good customer service experience?
Come up with 3 unique ways to prepare a steak.
Write a few adjectives to describe the sky
Suggest a recipe for vegan crepes
Classify the following statement as true or false:  Chocolate is an ingredient of a salad.
Please define the term “algorithm”
List five rules for following best practice when coding.
Predict what a person would do if they had a bad day.
Write a poem that is 20 words long.
Find a song title that consists of two animals.
Find the word which means the same as "fleeting"
Find 3 ways to reduce traffic accidents.
Make a list of five businesses that can provide delivery services during the pandemic.
Take the phrase "through the fire" and make a pun out of it.
Explain why debugging is important in software development.
Classify the following sentence as either active or passive: The chair was quickly repaired
Generate a recipe for an apple tart
Suggest a unique gift for a teenage girl
Come up with a slogan or phrase that expresses the concept of gratitude.
Calculate the remainder when 12345 is divided by 11.
How do you get rid of oil stains from YELLOW fabric?
Compose a haiku that reflects the product's features.
Propose a solution to end world hunger
List two values for the sentence "Selina wants to work hard".
List five ways that businesses can increase customer loyalty.
Find a list of ten adjectives that describe a good leader.
Summarize the book 1984.
What are the social implications of having a surveillance society?
What is the plural possessive form of "dog"?
Calculate the average of the following numbers: 4, 8, 11
Write a creative story that starts with the phrase "The sun was setting in the west".
Generate a fake movie title with only one word.
What would be a good use case for machine learning in the medical field?
Describe the physical features of an arctic fox.
Describe how to conduct a survey
Explain why it is important to have diversity on a team.
Create a list of five open-ended questions for a customer survey.
Describe 5 safety tips for cycling in a city.
Classify the following word as a noun, verb, or adjective: delicious
What is the one thing that all living things have in common?
Imagine a scenario in which robots take over the world.
Given the sentence "She had to fight hard to get through all the difficulties.", write a sentence that adds context to this.
Rewrite the following sentence using the word 'therefore': "This could have an negative impact on our organization. "
How can one develop a healthier lifestyle?
What is the most important factor to consider when choosing a programming language?
How does Amazon ensure secure data transmission?
Write a short paragraph about time management.
What is the difference between quantum physics and classical physics?
Give one advantage of using a computer over a typewriter
Design a Chutes and Ladders board game
Brainstorm 10 products a hotel should offer.
Create an antonym of the word "thin"
Please provide an example of an effective way to close an email.
How can I keep my house cool in the heat?
Identify three strategies for increasing website traffic.
Provide an example of a species of bird that is locally endangered.
Generate a sentence that uses an alliteration of the letter "s".
Explain the origin of the saying "it's like herding cats".
Design a logo for a cafe called "The Cup of Joe".
Compute the area of a rectangle with length 10cm and width 5cm.
Write an acrostic poem containing the word 'web'.
Provide a definition of the terms "sematic search".
List the ingredients used in a Caesar salad.
Give me a scenario for the following fiction character - a young female entrepreneur in New York.
Describe an alien creature in a sci-fi movie.
Generate recipes for a vegan lasagna.
What is the atomic symbol for Carbon?
Select the word which is the Synonym of 'Fortitude'.
Analyze the following statement: Her career is a reflection of her hard work and dedication.
Suggest a plan to plant trees.
Explain why it's important to clean and prepare data before analysis.
Identify the best place to view a sunset in India.
Create a list of five famous people from the 20th century and provide a brief description of each one.
Compose a verse for the nursery rhyme, "Mary Had a Little Lamb".
Generate a memorable story that the audience can relate to.
Name one way bacteria can replicate
Reword the following sentence to make it active:  The project was completed by John.
Describe the benefits of engaging in yoga
Analyze whether this statement is true or false: "The Earth is the only known planet that has life."
Generate a question and its answer about ancient Egypt.
Provide an argument about why the death penalty should not be used.
Define the term "syntactic structure".
Describe the flavor profile of a licorice candy.
Generate a user interface for a to-do list application.
Write a descriptive sentence about the sky.
Craft a tweet about your favourite sports team.
Generate 5 factoids about medicinal plants.
Identify the part of speech of each word in this sentence: "The tall man ran quickly".
Figure out the greatest common divisor for 10 and 25
Remind me to read a book before bed tonight.
Write a blog post about why a smartphone tracking app is important.
Check if the following statement is true or false:  Exams are the best way to measure a person's knowledge
Describe the Renaissance period.
Generate a list of 3 possible blogs that could be written on the subject of “Data Science & Machine Learning”
Describe the heat transfer process.
Construct a sentence using the words blue, apple, and school
List five products or services that use blockchain technology.
List four differences between ducks and pigeons
Generate an in-depth story about a family vacation.
Give four examples of how tehnology can help to improve healthcare.
Name one of the main components of a car engine.
Generate 10 creative ideas for a birthday present.
What is the square root of 121?
To what country does diaspora refer to?
Who won the 30th NBA Championship?
What is the difference between first-order and higher-order functions?
Classify the following items as a vegetable or a fruit: Apple, Broccoli
Construct a grammatically correct sentence using the words "Sue", "hill", and "run"
Share a fun fact about cats.
What is the Pythagorean Theorem?
Generate a haiku poem in 5-7-5 syllable format.
Describe how an electrical circuit works.
Define what is meant by the term "artificial intelligence".
Provide a scientific definition of entropy.
Research the effectiveness and side effects of using aspirin as an over-the-counter pain reliever.
Find a user-friendly data visualization library for Python.
Describe the characteristics of a Bungalow style house.
Identify the factors that determine the cost of renting a house.
Describe a scene where two friends talk.
Please use a simile to describe the taste of a honey mustard.
Generate a three-dimensional figure that has a volume of 8 cubic meters.
What is the difference between latent semantic analysis and topic modeling?
Generate 3 questions you can ask an interviewer.
Calculate the range of the numbers -5, 0, 2, 4.
Tell me an interesting fact about the country which provided you with the highest education.
Generate ideas for a travel blog for young tourists visiting India
What types of flora is found in the temperate rainforest?
Find the root cause of the error "TypeError: cannot concatenate 'str' and 'int' objects".
a)Write a prediction about the future of technology in five sentences and b) Describe a potential consequence of the use of this technology in two sentences.
Provide an example input and an appropriate output for a classification task.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise and powerful: "My painting skills are not very good".
Identify the most common verb tense in the following sentence:  He has been living in Paris for the past five years.
Summarize the relevance of immigration in the US.
Design an experiment to test whether a drug has an effect on the body
Construct a 3x3 multiplication table.
Generate a plausible list of five items that might be packed for a day-long hike
Give me an interesting fact about sharks.
Identify the current skills gap related to blockchain technology.
Find the three biggest cities in China.
Additionally, give me a entertaining story about a conversation with a stranger on a bus.
Explain in your own words the concept of genetic engineering.
Generate a list of five tips for getting the most out of college.
Create a pictogram to show the meaning of the following phrase: "The wheels on the bus go round and round."
List five things that you can recycle.
Explain why Pavlovian conditioning does not always work.
Brainstorm three possible uses of a time machine.
Explain why conservation of wildlife is important.
Suggest 5 ways to increase a website's page view numbers.
What is the best way to construct a performance review?
Construct a poem with 4 stanzas and a minimum of 3 lines in each stanza.
Come up with a creative story that involves a dragon.
Identify two of the most commonly used programming languages in game development.
Create an AI assistant that can detect potential customer inactivity and provide proactive customer service.
Create a to-do list for a family planning to visit New York City
What is the GDP of India in 2019?
Generate one example of a machine learning solution.
Find five adjectives that describe the color blue.
Generate a list of ten questions for a customer feedback survey for a restaurant.
Highlight two strategies that can be used to make your bot's conversations more natural.
Generate a research question related to the following topic: How technology is revolutionizing the shopping experience
Transform this sentence into a question: I like to bike to the beach.
What is the most potent psychoactive chemical in marijuana?
Explain what an AI-driven chatbot is
Compare and contrast email and text messaging.
Can you explain the concept of rock-paper-scissors?
Explain the pros and cons of the Agile methodology.
Suggest a different word for the following phrase: "attractive appearance".
Develop a way to teach a computer to count to ten.
Research the landforms in the American Midwest.
Provide advice to a person who is considering becoming an entrepreneur.
Come up with a funny knock-knock joke.
Come up with a unique story idea involving a magic wand
Create an algorithm that can detect collisions between two objects.
Generate a list of random numbers between 0 and 5
Outline the major differences between a mammal and an amphibian.
Identify the type of sentence "I drove to the store yesterday".
Compare the health benefits of marine life to land animals.
Explain what a serverless architecture is.
Report the current temperature in Dubai.
Suggest an environmentally friendly way to travel from Washington D.C. to New York City.
Compare and contrast the characteristics of a narrative and a descriptive essay.
Can you generate a user story for developing a mobile app?
Generate a story that begins with "There once was a..."
What are the three major pieces of software that are used in web development?
Explain the connection between physical exercise and mental health.
What is the meaning of “quid pro quo"?
Describe the behavior of a prodigal son
Design a training exercise to help employees become more creative.
Explain the symbolism in the short story "The Lottery" by Shirley Jackson.
Design an adaptive user interface
Generate a list of three qualities that make a successful academic.
Explain the concept of currency devaluation.
Create a shopping list for a successful week of meal planning.
Describe a smart contract.
Explain why the number e is considered a special number.
In which countries is Portuguese spoken?
Write a code that calculates the volume of a sphere.
Create a checklist for grocery shopping.
Write a script to get the top 10 most frequent words in a corpus.
Describe the differences between Exclusionary and Inclusionary zoning.
Write a classification model to classify movie reviews as negative, neutral or positive.
Develop a creative analogy describing evolution.
What is the answer to this math problem? 5+6
Transform the following phrase into a contraction:  They are
Name the four actors who starred in the movie "The Godfather".
What are the steps to design a digital customer experience?
What are three skills that an employee should possess for a managerial job?
Explain what a prime number is.
Initialize a neural network for a multilayer perceptron model.
Identify two factors that influence the speed of wireless network connections.
Reverse this list: apples, pears, oranges
Identify the figure of speech in the sentence: "The wind is my violin and the trees are my strings."
Name three organizations that are doing research related to artificial intelligence.
Explain the critical points of the movie "Avengers Endgame".
Write a Python function that will count the number of words in a string.
Identify the correct definition for the word "anomaly".
Explain the fundamental differences between computer science and software engineering.
What does the phrase “the final piece of the puzzle” signify?
Categorize the words "dog", "cat" and "computer"
Return the area of the circle if its radius is 8 cm
Create a table that summarizes the different types of programming language paradigms.
Write two sentences using a homonym.
Create a metaphor about love.
We need to investigate why our website's traffic has dropped significantly. What are some potential causes?
Describe the origins and history of the Internet
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: "He is a person who is very lazy and lackadaisical."
Generate a list of data science buzzwords
List 5 similar countries to India.
What is the percent of water on Earth?
Generate a hypothesis for why communication skills are critical for success in the workplace.
Create a thesis statement on the topic of racial profiling.
Write an essay introduction explaining how the coronavirus pandemic had impacted education.
Classify the following sentence: "Lettuce is a vegetable."
Compose a concise explanation about why someone should use GPT models in their research project.
What can computer vision be used for?
Describe a natural disaster.
Name three common chemical elements
Rewrite the following sentence without changing its meaning:  He was not up to the challenge.
Explain how the movie The Matrix presents a world where technology controls our lives.
List 3 common elements of a strong password.
Write a query to find all customers who live in the state of California.
Construct a sentence using the words "therefore", "consequently", and "as a result".
Come up with a fitting title for a story about a family who takes a summer road trip.
Create a web page bringing attention to the growing problem of technology addiction.
How can you protect a computer from malware?
Give a recommendation for a movie to watch.
Translate this sentence into the French language: “He can neither read nor write
Rewrite the following sentence to express the same meaning in a negative form: "She likes to play soccer".
Generate a creative idea for a horror movie
Create a movie review for the movie "The Wizard of Oz".
Create a logo for a new pet food brand
Construct a news article headline.
Create a function that will calculate the area of a triangle.
Generate a story of two friends meeting a new person
List the advantages and disadvantages of solar energy.
Describe the general structure of a GPT language generator.
Generate a sentence which expresses gratitude.
Suggest five cost-effective ways to have a date night.
Describe the process involved with making lasagna
Construct a for loop to count from 1 to 10.
Describe a time you used your problem solving skills to solve an issue.
What are the positive and negative aspects of technology in our daily lives?
Tell me two good pieces of advice for managing stress.
Formulate a multiple choice question about American government politics.
How do you respond to a negative comment on social media?
Outline the characteristics of a persuasive writing
Generate a poem about nature that uses only two different rhyming words.
Propose an interesting way to celebrate Earth Day.
Write an imaginary dialogue between a doctor and a patient
Provide a sentence with a simile.
Compare and contrast the biomes of a desert and a temperate forest.
Design a fitness plan for someone who wants to improve endurance.
Categorize the following movie genres: action, comedy, romance, crime.
What are the three characteristics of a good argument?
Write a 100-word article discussing the effects of stress on physical health.
Design a cartoon-style mascot for a toy store.
How many gigs are in a terabyte?
List three professions in which the use of artificial intelligence is common.
Describe a time when you had to make a difficult decision.
Describe the basic idea behind a neural network.
Categorize the following words according to their parts of speech:  strenuous, allocate, eclipse
Create a simile that compares a sunrise to something else.
Describe the differences between a shallow neural network and a deep neural network.
Generate a list of three to five questions someone can ask to someone in an interview.
Convert 0.26 to a fraction.
Find the area of a sphere with radius 7 cm.
Describe in one sentence the story of Sleeping Beauty
Write a fiction story about a character who is lost in the woods.
Compose a magazine article targeting young adults
List the best practices for developing a mobile application.
Name three important elements in an invitation letter.
Explain the concept of a bubble sort algorithm to a non-technical audience.
Design a database to store information about customers
Give three examples of how a customer service team can build trust with its customers.
Name all the countries in the G7.
Create a rundown of the stages of sleep.
Create a list of five Good Samaritan acts.
What are the positives and negatives of online communication?
Construct a query to retrieve the count of orders by customer id.
What are some of the challenges with using machine learning for fraud detection?
Write a story about a man who finds out he has superpowers.
Describe the best way to conduct an interview.
Suggest the primary reasons why the stock market can crash.
Provide an example of how to use technology to improve customer service.
Find the common theme between the following three words: train, plane, and ship.
What is the legal principle behind copyright law?
Give an example of an artificial neural network algorithm.
What is the biggest threat to the environment?
Generate a list of questions to ask a teenager about their day-to-day life.
Generate a creative poem using natural language processing.
Design a car parking system
Calculate the cost of purchasing 5 apples with a discount of 10%.
Give 5 strategies to prevent bullying in the workplace.
Draft rules for a game of Monopoly.
Generate a sentence that has an implied metaphor.
Generate a quiz with 5 MCQs about computers.
Name an occupational field that requires extensive certification.
Write a description for a ballroom dancing class.
Create a short story set in a forest.
How could you establish a productive working environment for remote teams?
Describe a time you made a mistake but learned something valuable.
Recommend a movie to watch with a group of friends
Write a sentence that emphasizes the importance of time management.
Explain how coastal erosion happens.
Provide a list of benefits for using renewable energy sources.
Describe the cost of living in New York City.
How many years have passed since 1950?
Develop an algorithm to identify fraudulent transactions.
Write a user manual for a new smart phone.
Design a program that can recognize spoken words.
Describe what a good leader should possess
How does natural language processing (NLP) enhance customer service?
Make a list of data types that can be used for storing information in a database.
Come up with a story in the form of a metaphor that explains the concept of intelligence.
Write a short letter from someone about the impact of the pandemic
Name 4 features of a database management system.
Create a script that sends out automatic email notifications to customers.
Explain the concept of web scraping.
Generate 10 song titles describing friendship.
Give 4 examples of a tragedy.
Generate a 3-4 sentence story about a person who travels to Europe.
Create a list of 10 interesting questions about World War II.
Generate a strategy to increase sales
Find the missing numbers for the following sequence: 8, __, 10, 11
Come up with an algorithm for predicting house prices in a given city.
Create a classifier to determine if a given email is spam or not spam.
Find the address of the restaurant "The Blue Elephant".
List the advantages of using cryptocurrency.
Explain why the result of 4 / 2 = 2 is accurate.
Generate ideas for a fiction story.
Explain the difference between monopoly and imperfect competition.
Name three human activities that generate a lot of waste.
What are the three most important principles to consider when creating an infographic?
Write five different questions about the novel Animal Farm by George Orwell
Suggest a menu item to serve at a dinner party.
Guess what number the user is thinking of.
Is a ligula a type of flower?
Explain how the temperature of a gas can be decreased.
Suggest three content marketing strategies that real estate businesses can use.
Think of a funny joke.
Generate a creative story about a mysterious creature that lives underwater.
Create an example sentence using a homonym.
Generate a team name for a startup company focused on developing artificial intelligence.
Write a 10-14 word sentence describing a beautiful river scene.
Name three elements of dystopian literature
Answer the following question in one sentence: What is the application of genetic engineering?
Create a persona of an athletic teenage girl.
Create a command to make the assistant talk with a British accent.
Generate a plausible story with a twist ending.
Create an original story about an elephant
Compose a story about a farmer who is living in a rural village.
What is the best trading strategy for a beginner investor?
Describe how to bake a cake in five steps.
Provide an example of a quadratic equation in the form of ax^2 + bx + c.
How can students stay motivated while learning?
Name three types of musical instruments belonging to the brass family.
Give a summary of the play "Hamlet".
Describe the first person point of view in a short story
What is the significance of the Berlin Conference of 1885?
Generate a short story about a mythical creature
Generate a series of 8 words the describe running.
Suggest a sentence that follows "He had never seen a creature so strange,"
Give me three interesting facts about the country of Chile.
Analyze the impact of technology in the workplace.
Create a list of activities to be used in a team building activity
Make a list of 5 goals to accomplish in the next 10 months
Calculate the value of "2x+3y" when x=3 and y=5.
List five criteria to evaluate the quality of a smartphone camera
Suggest a gap year activity for someone with a passion for geography.
Explain how a coach can use positive reinforcement with their team.
Generate a joke about a chicken crossing the road
Construct a dialogue between a customer and a store clerk regarding a product.
Divide 1000 by 27.
Create a sentence in a past tense.
Generate a list of 3 ways to conserve energy.
Please explain the term "paradigm shift"
Draft a job advertisement for a Software Developer role.
Come up with an argument that supports the statement that technology has made the world more connected.
Create a story about an elephant for a child aged four.
Generate a recipe for a gluten-free banana bread.
What kind of input you expect to keept the structures of the trees?
Create a two-part question to ask someone about their day.
Explain how a machine learning model can be used to recognize handwriting.
Suggest a place to visit in Japan
Generate a couple of synonyms for the word "amazing".
Rewrite this sentence in the passive voice: "The teacher gave the students a paper."
Find the cost of 10 apples if the price is $2.49 per pound
Generate a plausible solution to reduce global carbon emissions.
Summarize the economic impact of COVID-19.
Tell me a humorous quote about life.
Rewrite the following sentence in the future tense: I took out the garbage.
Explain quantum computing in one sentence
Name two US Presidents that served in the 20th century.
Create a tagline that emphasizes the safety of a product.
Explain how a farmer can conserve water.
Write a short dialogue between two people discussing a new type of mobile device.
Create a program that uses the concept of object-oriented programming to create a car object.
outline the steps for teaching a robot to sort coins
Explain how color and shape affect a product's design.
Explain what is genetic engineering
Suggest five ways to optimize a web page for SEO.
Write a Facebook post about baking
Provide a list of sites to visit in Barcelona.
Design an experiment to study how the shape of a container affects the rate at which it is filled with liquid.
Compose a news article summarizing the recent events related to the pandemic.
What are three key points to consider when writing a blog post?
Find the area of a triangle with sides of 12 cm, 15 cm, and 18 cm.
Generate a list of safety measures the protagonist of a story should take on a journey.
Explain the term "AI explainability".
What advantages does artificial intelligence have that humans don't?
Brainstorm 5 words associated with the specific theme 'learning'.
Explain the importance of taking breaks while studying.
Generate a list of 5 creative and unique marketing ideas for a restaurant.
Explain the term "digital transformation"
Write a product description for an item of your choice.
Generate a cover letter for a junior web developer applying for a job position.
Select 2 good points to write about in an essay on why human resource policies should be updated.
Generate a collection of 3 abbreviations related to the world of software engineering.
Construct a schedule for a daily exercise routine.
What do you need to open an online business?
Design a logo for a travel agency called "Around the World".
Write two sentences that describe the painting called "The Birth of Venus" by Sandro Botticelli.
Write a poem in haiku form about friendship.
Compose a sentence containing the words "capricious" and "obscure".
Outline the steps necessary to enroll in college.
Come up with a fashion trend for the upcoming season
Design a web page for a clothing store.
Research and list 5 popular smartphone apps
Propose a solution to reduce plastic waste in our oceans.
Design a game to explain the concept of photosynthesis to elementary school students.
What is the greenhouse effect and why is it bad?
Give some strategies for getting over a fear of public speaking.
Explain the difference between traditional and digital marketing.
Explain the use of a hammer
Write a Bash script that prints out the current date and time.
Describe the taste of orange juice.
Outline the steps of creating a budget.
What would you do if you find a lost item?
Compile a list of five major problems that cause climate change.
Find out the capital city of Bolivia
Write a paragraph about the benefits of eating healthy.
Edit the following sentence to be more clear: Nation's expanding population is causing a strain on natural resources
Design questions for an AI assistant that can distinguish between stated and unstated requirements in a job posting.
Write a short story set in the future.
Calculate the area of a triangle with length 15 and width 30.
Develop an outline for a 15 minute presentation about social media.
How does a person set good goals?
Explain the term ‘gravity’ in physics in simple words.
Write a Fortune Cookie Message
Generate a metaphor for an event that is exciting.
Name two components of a scientific experiment
Create a code that prints out the first 10 odd numbers.
Create a comic strip about a person's day.
Can a GPT-3 model recognize objects?
Rewrite this sentence to make it sound more formal: "I had a great time at the party".
Write an outline of a creative writing piece.
Suggest two actions that citizens can take to reduce their carbon footprint.
Suggest a creative strategy to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Describe the role of the internet in the 21st century.
What is the main challenge with using deep learning for natural language processing?
Create a Twitter account for a tech startup.
Write a blog post about how to save money on a vacation.
Generate a haiku about the Spring season.
Suggest a healthcare policy to improve access to primary care.
Explain the phrase "adding insult to injury."
Come up with a topic for a scientific paper about the properties of liquid helium.
Create a headline for a news story about a zero-waste store that opened in a small town.
Name two different ways to reduce poverty in a community.
Generate a title for a article about the diminishing bee population.
Let's build a fantasy world. Describe its main characteristics.
Compose a catchy ad slogan
Provide an argument why the Internet should remain neutral.
Write a blog post on the importance of content marketing for small businesses.
Describe the type of resolution used in a 4K monitor.
Define ‘Exploratory Data Analysis’.
Correct the following sentence: He got that job becaus of of his credentials.
Propose a solution to decrease pollution in the city
Name three examples of animal species that are currently endangered.
Classify the sentiment of the sentence "I'm so pleased with my work".
In what year was Walt Disney founded?
Generate two questions about artificial intelligence for a quiz.
What is the most popular sport in the US?
Create an array of 10 even numbers.
Generate a list of five romantic ideas for a special-occasion date.
Summarize the contents of the following Wikipedia page in 1 sentence.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neural_network
Give examples of input and output type data.
Name a dish that tastes sweet and sour
How can I stay organized?
Name 5 questions that a customer might ask a chatbot.
What kind of animal is a red panda
Write a company policy on vacation time
Create a list of ten tips for cooking a perfect Thanksgiving dinner.
Give three tips and tricks for success
generate a song about living in the moment
Explain why experts don't recommend having more than 6 tabs open at the same time.
Name items you need for a camping trip
Explain the workings of a refrigerator.
Suggest some tips to motivate yourself when you cannot find the right kind of motivation.
Describe the sound of a rainforest during a downpour.
Give a speech about the importance of healthy eating.
Describe how machine learning can be used for a real-world application.
Create a profile of an imaginary character.
What food is New York famous for?
Name a place where you can find tapioca
What is the title of the fourth Harry Potter movie?
Give me a 4-digit number
Write a marketing pitch for a new cryptocurrency.
Compile a list of adjectives to describe someone's personality when writing a recommendation letter.
Write a metaphor describing high speed internet.
Develop an algorithm to detect fraud in a user's transactions.
Create a list of five things one should do before traveling.
Suggest five books that are suitable for teenagers.
Describe the production process of an autonomous vehicle.
Name three kitchen appliances
Explain the difference between parallel and perpendicular lines.
Describe the room in which you are currently located.
Identify one country from each continent.
Compare a frog and a fly in the context of a funny story.
What two birds are commonly seen in the Australian Outback
Explain how to paint a room.
Calculate the mortgage rate for a loan of $50,000 for 20 years with an interest rate of 4%. Output the specific mortgage rate.
Write a comparison between cats and dogs
Construct an outline for a speech about how technology has impacted the world.
Create an analogy to explain how a computer works.
List five of the most famous mathematics problems.
Create a css stylesheet to increase font size to 20px, give all text italicized font-style and apply 70% transparency to all elements.
Who are the major figures in the French Revolution?
Choose the correct verb to finish this sentence: "The storm caused the electricity __________".
Brainstorm some creative ways to celebrate someone's milestone birthday.
Give an example of a sentence in the present perfect tense and explain the proper usage of the tense.
Explain what happens when someone clicks a link.
Generate 2 meaningful sentences in French using the following words: parler, plaisir, bienvenu.
Generate a password that follows the following criteria:  • Must contain at least 8 characters • Must include upper and lowercase letters • Must include a least one number • Must include at least one special character
Generate a list of 6 important elements for a successful online marketing campaign
Provide a step-by-step recipe for a simple beef curry.
Storytell and explain a physics phenomenon
Calculate the population density of Spain.
Provide 3 practice questions for multiplication
Come up with an example uses for machine learning.
Give me a fact about Australia
Develop a plan to reduce environmental pollution in one paragraph
Create a proverb about respect:
How do you calculate the angle of incidence?
Tell me what 'Schadenfreude' refers to.
Name five use cases of text classification.
Name two alternative protein sources for vegetarians
Write a headline for an article on the current pandemic.
Name one branch of the United States government.
Describe a cloud service provider.
Can you please create a web page that includes a table of contact information for teachers?
List the most popular programming languages in 2021.
Briefly describe the culture of the Maasai tribe.
Find the average of 85, 44 and 102.
Find the software release notes for the latest version of Google Chrome.
Make a list of foods that are good sources of protein.
Write a story about a scientist who discovers a planet.
Write a description of a typical summer day in the countryside.
Name three tips to improve customer experience.
Give an example of how AI is being used in the field of healthcare.
Assign a synonym to the word "facilitate".
Describe a healthy diet
Describe the impact of the increasing popularity of social media in the past decade.
Describe what a sun dog is.
Generate a plausible story involving a fox, a cat and a brick.
Name two items that begin with the letter "h"
Explain the basic usage of the C language.
What is the significance of encryption in cyber security?
Summarize how technology has impacted education.
Name the five most important minerals to the human body and explain why.
Create a list of five adjectives that describe the taste of chocolate.
Convert this character string "1352890" from a string to an integer.
Generate a potential health issue that a GPT model may have difficulty identifying
Name five kinds of birds
Write a microblog post about a recent experience you had.
Create a script to generate an array of random numbers.
Answer the following question: What is the difference between a monotheistic and polytheistic religion?
Identify the key steps to go through when making a presentation.
Generate an alternative ending to the movie "The Pursuit of Happyness".
Describe the procedure of photosynthesis.
Name five technical careers.
Describe a few ways AI can improve healthcare.
Generate an example of a complex number in the form a + bi.
Generate a list of keywords for a search engine optimization campaign targeting "coffee machines".
Describe the evolutionary theory
Generate a list of possible job titles related to web development.
Explain the differences between natural and artificial languages.
Create a list of 3 steps to become an entrepreneur.
What is a common way to measure success?
Brainstorm five ways to surprise your partner for their birthday.
Brainstorm five problems with a traditional education system.
Describe a dinner for a special occasion.
Develop a hypothesis to explain why some people are more productive during the day while others at night?
In what way is artificial intelligence impacting our lives?
Summarize the ethical implications of using AI in the medical field.
Show me an example of a poem written in iambic pentameter.
Create a menu item for a seafood dinner.
Calculate the product of 5 and 3.
Recommend a movie title for a romantic comedy drama.
Write a short story about a visit to a museum.
Create an analogy that explains the concept of data mining.
Generate a password of 8 characters that contains one uppercase letter and one number.
What are the best methods to approach data analysis?
Suggest an interesting place a tourist should visit in France.
Create a query that finds the average price of all products in a store.
Explain how AI can be used to improve customer service.
What can be done to improve cross-cultural communication?
Generate a list of five names of mammals.
Explain the concept of a "flattening of the curve".
Create a program to calculate the sum of the numbers from 1 to 100.
Explain how climate change is impacting the Arctic.
Summarize the passage using the most relevant information:   The Amazon rainforest is home to more than 40,000 species of plants and animals, many of which are still undiscovered. It is the largest and oldest rainforest in the world, occupying more than 5.5 million square kilometres of land. The Amazon rainforest contains 90-140 billion metric tons of carbon, and is a crucial part of our global climate system.
Construct a search query to find a wooden chair with a reclining backrest.
You have been asked to conduct a survey on the customer experience at a retail store. What types of questions should you include?
Compare and contrast the American and Chinese education systems.
Come up with a moral lesson and an example to demonstrate it.
Generate a password with more than 8 characters that includes an upper case letter, a lower case letter, a symbol and a number.
What jobs can you do with a degree in psychology?
Provide me 3 appropriate examples of metaphors.
Write an article about climate change.
Name one type of algorithm used for supervised learning.
Find the missing number in the following sequence:  4, 8, 12, 16, 20, __
Generate a product name for a machine that can recognize and respond to objects.
Describe two different designs for a website and their respective advantages.
Generate a story that starts with "He stepped into the garden".
Create an equation to represent the following phrase: the sum of twice a number and six.
Generate a password that has 10-15 characters, including one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one symbol, and one number.
What are three safety tips for driving in snow?
Summarize the infographic about the basics of machine learning
Briefly explain the role of the states in the US Constitution.
Create a poem from the following words: sunset, mask, distant
List four methods of data collection.
Explain what a blockchain is without using any technical terms.
Tell me the title of the latest best-selling book.
Which US state has the second smallest population?
Edit the following sentence: "The sun is late today."
Translate this sentence into Spanish:  "I'm exhausted after a long day."
Arrange the words "barbecue" and "Saturday" into a meaningful sentence.
Create a list of 10 multiplication facts from the following number: 8.
Create a declaration of an idea.
Explain what HTML stands for.
Create playlists of 5 songs that match these two moods: calming and romantic.
Suggest a plant that is suitable for a north-facing balcony.
How would you encourage someone to try something new
You are at a restaurant, what kind of food do you order?
Imagine you are in a forest and describe what you see.
Write a story in 100 words or less about a student's first day of college.
What is the gerund of the verb "run"?
What invention from the 1950s still has an impact today?
Create a slogan for a company selling eco-friendly products.
Which US president served the longest term?
Construct an Triathlon Training Plan.
Generate a story of 3 to 5 sentences that uses a metaphor to describe the relationship between two people
Describe an Impressionist painting
Design a PowerPoint presentation to explain the differences between artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Describe how the moon affects tides
Create a poem that uses the following three words: blue, stars, night.
Write an email to a friend to check in.
Generate an argumentative essay about the importance of healthy eating.
Generate a function using JavaScript that prints the current time in a form of "HH:MM."
Suggest an example of a sentence which uses the idiom "throw in the towel"
List three methods to reduce stress
Divide 14 by 6
Create a list of 10 items with their corresponding prices
Make a phone call to inquire about a job opening.
Describe a funny joke that is clean and appropriate for kids.
Make a list of at least 5 norms of proper dining etiquette.
Generate a scenario where a character has to go against her morals or values.
Generate a list of activities for a vacation in Australia.
Generate a list of at least 5 things that a museum should display.
Explain the process for filing taxes.
Indicate which is a better investment: stocks or bonds.
Explain how energy is produced from nuclear fuel.
Give one example of a website that hosts online courses.
Compose a brief story about an ostrich.
Provide an explanation for global warming.
Say something original in the following context:  You just finished a job interview and you want to show the employer your enthusiasm for the position.
Critically analyse the six core principles of design-thinking
Describe a situation in which cryptography could be applied to ensure data security.
Name five steps in the design process.
Name three applications of robotics
Explain the meaning of the proverb "If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing well."
Create a valid regular expression.
Pick one favorite makeup look and describe it.
Write an email thanking an employer for offering you a job.
Design an interesting logo for a travel blog
Explain why freedom of the press is important
Develop a marketing slogan for a home automation product.
Describe the blockchain technology and explain its relevance to the cryptocurrency world.
Describe two ways to improve the performance of a text classifier.
Name 3 superstitions from around the world.
What are the benefits of adopting a "test-driven" approach to software development?
Identify the part of speech for the word "abstract" in the sentence: "The abstract concept is difficult to define."
Create an opening line for a book about sharks
Name one benefit of meditation.
Describe a real-life situation in which the saying "Actions speak louder than words" is true
What is the word for “a large group of people gathered together in one place”?
Give examples of different types of leadership.
How does democracy work in the United States?
What is the impact of television advertising in the 2008 election cycle?
Come up with a new slogan for a clothing brand with the words "dream", "sophistication", and "class".
List the rights of an accused person in a criminal court case.
Generate a compliment for a child
List four factors that influence the solubility of a substance in a solvent.
Compose a poem that explores the pain of losing a loved one.
Compose an essay about recycling with a minimum of 150 words.
How might you go about teaching a child the concept of multiplication?
Give me three examples of countries in Europe.
Estimate the approximate cost of a 6-day trip to Paris.
What are some of the advantages of using artificial intelligence?
Suggest 3 sources of calcium
Generate a list of seasonal fruits and vegetables.
Give an example of an everyday object that uses electricity.
Describe the impact of new technologies on the market.
Describe in detail how a chatbot can be used in customer service
Explain the benefits of slow fashion.
Write a 5-sentence story about a farmer and a fox.
Come up with a name for an app for creating digital art.
Create a fictitious conversation for two characters discussing rabbits.
How would you use data analytics to detect errors in financial transactions?
Explain why a person should not jump off a bridge.
List the top 5 cities with the highest population in the United States.
Find an example of a compound sentence and write it out.
What are some of the best television shows of all time?
List 4 advantages of distributed systems.
Develop a set of guidelines for a responsible online behavior.
Generate a lead paragraph for a story about a robbery.
Name five positive effects of technology on our lives.
State the possible outcomes of a six-sided dice roll.
Suggest a resolution to the following ethical dilemma: Your friend has been caught cheating on a test.
Analyze the following quote: "Life is what you make it."
What is molecular biology?
Describe the purpose of the opening scene of The Godfather.
Create a list of potential uses of deep learning.
Generate a list of ten activities that could promote productivity.
Generate instructions to teach someone how to change the background of their computer desktop.
How could you increase the biodiversity of an ecosystem?
Describe a situation where the phrase "You can't take it with you" might be relevant.
Create a quiz that asks about the first Thanksgiving.
Evaluate the following equation: 10 + 4 * 3
Describe what materials are required to build a birdhouse.
Give an example of an active sentence and passive sentence.
Describe how you would use social media as a musician.
Create a list of items that would be helpful for a long car ride.
Which is the most important skill for a web development and why?
Explain why people should seek to gain knowledge.
What is the path of totality for the 2021 Solar Eclipse?
Explain why computers use binary code
Categorize the following emotions: joy, confusion, sadness.
Generate a list of fashion trends for Spring 2021.
Give me the quote and author of the following: "The more I learn, the more I realize how much I don't know".
Build a database for tracking customer orders.
Generate 4 random English words
Provide examples of a metaphor, a simile, and a hyperbole.
Generate 5 creative ideas for a marketing campaign
What are the steps to preparing a meal for a party of 10?
Comment on the pros and cons of owning a pet.
Compare the technologies of virtual reality and augmented reality.
Construct an outline for an essay about the benefits of a healthy lifestyle.
How would you describe the process of creating a simple artificial neural network?
Design an algorithm to recognize the color of an object.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  "The rabbit is cute and it is also very fast."
Explain what is the purpose of a hypothesis in an experiment?
Come up with three ways to increase customer loyalty.
Research and explain the concept of "affirmative action".
Rewrite the sentence 'The cat meows loudly' with three different verbs.
Generate a sentence using the scientific term "thermodynamics".
Suggest one way to conserve water.
Give an example of an algorithm and explain what it does.
Are there any similarities between a whale and a bat?
What are some best practices for protecting sensitive data?
Name an animal that eats only small prey
Name five benefits of exercising daily.
Compose an email to your boss about the status of your project.
How are the terms ‘codependent' and ‘interdependent’ different?
What is the greatest challenge facing businesses today?
Invent a mythological creature.
Explain why people are living longer today than in the past.
Brainstorm 5 possible topics for a 30-minute presentation.
Create a list of three animals starting with the letter "a".
List three strategies for managing difficult conversations.
Generate a new question related to the topic "data science" that has never been asked before.
List 5 activities for a family vacation to the beach.
Paraphase the following sentence: "Macaroni and cheese is an iconic American dish".
Create a business plan for an online business.
Construct a question to ask in an interview for a data scientist position.
Give an example of a country located in South America.
Describe the features of a perfect vacation spot.
Explain what is the difference between solving a problem and finding its solution.
Name a movie that is similar to the popular film "The Hunger Games".
Suggest one international policy related to climate change
Describe how a plant converts the sun's energy into food.
Name five major cities in the United States.
Reword this sentence to avoid repetition of words: "We need to need to develop a plan"
Generate a joke using machine learning
Explain what carbon footprint is in one sentence.
Divide 20 by 5.
Give a brief overview of Machine Learning.
Construct a timeline for the coronavirus outbreak.
Describe the evolution of deep learning.
Evaluate the following expression: 6 - (4 + 1)
Make a list of 5 animals found in the rainforest.
Name any two human emotions
Generate an example of an anti-discrimination policy.
Outline the key components of a business plan.
Give a suitable example for the phrase "close cousin"
Find the 13th root of 1000
Provide an example of abusive language.
Write 3 lines of code that prints out all the multiples of 7 from 0 to 50.
Write a story beginning with the words "The sun shone brightly".
Analyze the benefits and concerns of using artificial intelligence.
Devise a plan to promote a brand on social media.
Write a journalistic article that summarizes the climate crisis.
Explain why positive brand associations are important.
Step-by-step instructions to change your computer's wallpaper.
Name three diseases caused by viruses.
Construct a query to retrieve the GDP of the United Kingdom from a given database.
Give two examples of data privacy rights
How does an oscillator work?
Name one baroque art style.
Name five of the original thirteen states in the United States.
Predict the average age of a customer in a sporting goods store.
Describe three characteristics of a mountain
How did the Industrial Revolution change society?
Generate a four-word motto with the words "power", "courage", "dream" and "hope".
What is a time value of money (TVM)?
Determine the meaning of the word 'bemused'.
What could be a possible use case for a conversational AI assistant?
What musical instruments are typically described as having a "brassy" tone?
Describe what summer means to you in one sentence.
Name five steps to protect yourself during online shopping
Write a 500-word story in the horror genre.
Describe how the internet of things could help people manage their energy consumption better.
Design a logo for a website based on energy efficiency.
Name three books by J.D. Salinger.
Name two major world religions.
Tell me what year the movie Star Wars: A New Hope was released
Can you generate a company name which is related to finance and cryptocurrency?
Write a list of instructions for brewing coffee
Explain why Facebook is a good marketing platform
Write the rules for a card game.
Tell me a traditional story.
Construct a survey that will measure customer satisfaction.
Come up with a creative way to distribute invitations for a birthday party.
Tell a story about a time when you showed kindness to someone.
Compose a love poem for someone special.
How do you cook fried potatoes?
Describe a character's physical appearance.
Write a code to check if a string contains more than 20 characters.
What is the closest star to our solar system?
Translate the following sentence into French: "I am a student."
Describe a computer's processor
Give an example of a plant species which is endangered.
Create 5 fun things to do during the summer.
Describe how the Internet revolutionized communication.
Suppose you have 10 minutes remaining to finish a task. How do you prioritize your remaining tasks?
Describe the process of launching a competitive analysis
Paraphrase the following sentence:  "Considering the current economic situation, it is likely that the stock market will go down."
Write a query to select the customer's name and balance from the table customer_info.
Design a system to track customer grievances and complaints.
Generate an appropriate response to this message:  "I'm feeling stuck with my project and I don't know what to do next"
How does a spellchecker work?
Identify the figure of speech in the following phrase: "He is the king of the jungle."
What is the name of the first planet in the solar system?
List three techniques to improve customer loyalty.
Create a program to track the number of visitors to a website.
Describe effective communication strategies.
Generate a list of five different locations that a person can visit in Germany.
Explain why it is important to be well-versed in English.
Create a numeric expression that equals 9 when evaluated.
Write the full name for the following acronym: CIA
Generate a story idea using the following settings: a large city and a theme park.
How long did it take for the Apollo 11 mission to reach the Moon?
Provide an example of a 5-year career plan
Name three countries that have case spikes of COVID-19
Convert the following SQL query into MongoDB query.  SELECT * FROM movies WHERE year >= 2000
Describe the process of boiling an egg.
Create a structure for a short suspense story.
Retrieve a list of cities in the United Kingdom with a population greater than 500,000.
Compare the terms 'sublimation' and 'deposition'.
Summarize complex carbohydrates in one sentence.
Create a window cleaning checklist.
What are the benefits of using a neural network architecture?
Write a functional Javascript code to print the string "Hello World" to the console.
Write a short story about a shaman who is trusted by the local tribe.
Name the five primary colors.
Imagine a scenario in which you have to give a compelling presentation. How would you prepare for this presentation?
Explain what the basis of the First Amendment is.
Compose a limerick that celebrates the joy of autumn.
Generate an appropriate introduction for a sports store website.
Compare and contrast the meanings of 'love' and 'affection'.
Identify a theme in William Wordsworth’s poem, “Daffodils”
Find an amusing anecdote related to technology.
Describe the process of the water cycle in one sentence.
Explain the significance of the Berlin Wall.
Ask the assistant an open-ended question about current events.
Identify three benefits of working from home.
Find five cities in California
Describe the habitat of lions.
What was the turning point in the American Civil War?
Find the probability of drawing a two from a standard deck of 52 cards.
Suggest a title for a fantasy novel set in a Middle Ages style world.
Tell me what the word "inculcate" means in the simplest terms possible.
Describe a job you might want to have in the future.
Summarize the main events of the movie "Titanic".
Describe the process for extracting oil from an oil well.
Name an example of a creative solution that you have implemented.
Describe how a decision tree algorithm can be used for fraud detection
Make a list of 5 names that begin with the letter 'D'.
What is the minimum amount of energy it takes to move an electron through a wire?
Identify three common difficulties in programming.
Develop a customer service policy for customer complaints.
Describe the Big-O notation.
Make up a fable and provide an example of a moral lesson.
Find the common factors of 24 and 30.
Generate a name for a new dress brand based on the following words: elegance, luxury, quality.
Generate three new verbs from the word "Explore".
Generate a sentence that has the same meaning as this sentence: "The man was determined to succeed in his endeavor."
Name three common elements in a horror movie.
Make up a riddle and give me an answer to the riddle.
Name five flowers that bloom in spring.
Generate a password with 8 characters, including a symbol and a number.
What is the pH of a solution with a hydronium ion concentration of 0.000001M?
What can be done to reduce air pollution?
Name one mineral which can be found in sand.
Explain why creating data lakes is advantageous for businesses.
Formulate a creative sentence using the following words:  rise, elite, collaborate
List out 3 common uses for a microscope.
Explain how the economic rebound post COVID-19 is beneficial.
Create a story using the following words: hat, rainbow, castle, dragon
Punctuate the following sentence:  My cats name is fluffypaws
Create a poem about nature that follows the structure of a sonnet.
Convert this English sentence into French: "Where is the nearest store?"
Output a proverb to relate to hard work.
Create a tic-tac-toe game.
Create a dialogue between two characters for a conflict resolution.
Convert 20 minutes into seconds.
Analyze the pros and cons of using virtual reality technology in the classroom.
Name three similarities between a cat and a tiger.
Generate a list of 5 interesting facts about the Great Wall of China.
Explain in 50 words or less how customer service can impact customer loyalty.
Create a short piece of narrative fiction that features a dialogue between two characters about the future of the internet
Classify the following sentence as a simple sentence, compound sentence, or complex sentence: "He will visit his grandparents, who live in the same town, tomorrow."
Sum up the following sentence in one word: He was sad because he could not get what he wanted.
Please provide the structure of a dissertation proposal.
Explain three ways blockchain technology can improve data security.
What were the causes of the French Revolution?
Add three interesting facts about Portugal
Find the sum of the numbers from 1 to 10.
Which type of communication tool is likely to be used in a remote working environment?
Come up with a plan to reduce stress in your life.
Create a chart outlining the world's population from 2000-2015.
Generate an appropriate response if someone said "I'm feeling sad and lonely":
Describe the effects of wind erosion on soil.
Pick the correct Spanish translation of “Hello”.
Compose a poem using keywords such as love, beauty and sorrow.
Create a checklist for running an A/B test
Determine the average air temperature for the city of Houston in June
Use the following vocabulary words to create a sentence: “transparency”, “structure”, “innovation”.
Come up with an analogy to explain what a zero-day attack is.
What is the symbol for the element Helium?
Analyze the benefits and limitations of using GPT-3 for natural language generation.
What could be the effect of oil spills on oceanic wildlife?
Describe a scene in the story of Romeo and Juliet
Tell the similarities between plants and animals.
Explain the meaning of the proverb “too many cooks spoil the broth”
What advice would you give for finding an internship?
Write a classified advertisement in the form of a single sentence.
How can one reduce power usage at home?
Construct a website prototype to book a hotel room.
What is the most important step a government must take to combat climate change?
Sum up the rules for shooting a basketball.
Propose a suitable hash function for storing phone numbers
Write an algorithm to classify cars depending on their price.
Create a blog post that compares hiking in the summer versus winter.
Come up with a headline for an article about social media's impact on society.
Suggest a potential algorithm to predict the presence of an illness based on the patient's medical symptoms.
Generate three questions related to global warming
Summarize the following paragraph in one sentence:  The internet has become an essential part of daily life, allowing us to stay connected with friends and family, as well as to access a vast amount of information.
How do dividend stocks work?
Name 5 features of Microsoft Teams.
Generate a sentence to describe your favorite teacher.
Build a website for a local business.
Generate a Christmas wish list.
Write a story set in a distant future in which humans no longer exist.
Are there any diseases that can be prevented through vaccination?
Generate a meaningful sentence using the phrase "strategic thinking".
Develop a strategy for reducing stress
Give two reasons why it is important to drink water.
Create a natural language query to find the population of a given city.
Generate a class schedule for a college student focusing on Biology and Math.
Generate a list of five bloggers who write about educational topics in English language.
What is the most widely spoken language in the world?
Create a headline for an article about the top 5 trends in digital marketing
How long is the flight from Orlando, FL to Boston, MA?
Research a scientific discovery from the past decade.
Translate this sentence into Spanish: "I will be arriving in a few minutes."
Generate a programming solution to output all the numbers from 1 to 10.
Give me the top three ways to reduce food waste.
List 5 ways to save money when buying furniture.
Describe three steps involved in the process of photosynthesis
Identify ways to reduce global warming.
Name three places near Seattle, Washington that are famous for their nature.
Divide 887 by 3 using Python.
What do animals do when they are afraid?
Use the word "scrumptious" in a sentence.
What is the theme of the poem "The Tyger" by William Blake?
What is the suggested daily intake of sodium in mg for an adult woman?
Create a sentence that compares cats and dogs.
Outline the potential harms of an AI system that judges users based on their online activity.
Create a list of correct punctuation and grammar rules.
Explain how civil rights in the United States have evolved over time.
Cite a research article on the effects of robotics on the healthcare system.
Explain why a manager should consider implementing a reward system in their team.
Generate a mnemonic acronym for the following words: Pen, Clock, Book
Explain the concept of classical conditioning.
Name five different types of fictional characters.
Create an example sentence for the phrase 'baffle the audience'.
Construct a timeline showcasing the progression of human civilization.
List five benefits of going for a walk
Name two materials that can be used to make a paintbrush.
State the equation for calculating the area of a rectangle.
Come up with a creative way to use artificial intelligence in the medical industry.
Create an equation for calculating the total distance walked.
What is the name of the East Asian country that borders Russia, China and North Korea?
For the following sequence of numbers, calculate the 3rd term: 2, 8, 18, 32
Generate an appropriate response for a customer service chatbot when the customer asks for help with a technical issue.
Name three countries in Europe whose population are over 50 million.
Describe how a virus enters a host cell.
Create a growth plan for a company that sells consumer electronics.
Compare the digestive systems of humans and birds
Determine the speed of a car that traveled 45 miles in 45 minutes
Give me an equivalent metric measurement for 6 feet
Come up with a catchy tagline for an airline.
Explain the meaning of the phrase "All's well that ends well".
Create 3 sample questions for an English language test.
Write two verses of a song about nature.
Generate a password of 8 characters consisting of alphanumeric characters and symbols.
Compare and contrast medical bills and credit card debt.
Write a detailed description of the Mona Lisa.
List 3 steps to protect your computer from cyber attacks.
Develop an algorithm for calculating the average of two numbers.
Create a new sentence with the words "rat", "forest" and "busy".
Describe the role of oxygen during respiration.
Suggest three activities to do while waiting in an airport.
Describe what happens during the process of photosynthesis.
Compare and contrast submarines and hot air balloons.
Find the needed supplies to build a treehouse.
We have 8 apples and 4 oranges. How many fruits do we have in total?
Suggest a plan of action to handle a customer complaint about a defective product.
Describe the characters of the Harry Potter series in a few words.
Name one decade that contained the most significant events in the history of the United States.
Design a website that explains the concept of blockchain technology.
Generate a metaphor to contrast technology and nature.
Create a tweet speaking out against human trafficking.
Explain the process of water purification.
Write a story about a character who wakes up with a sense of dread.
Define what artificial intelligence means in one sentence.
What are the most important characteristics of a credit card?
Create a unique logo for a soccer club.
List 15 adjectives that describe a dog
Write a function that moves a character across a two-dimensional array on a game board
Please provide an example of how a company could use customer segmentation.
My child is becoming too dependent on technology - what could I do to fix this?
What is the latest information about the upcoming iPhone 12?
Suggest a use of machine learning for a retail store.
Identify and classify the given figure.
Why are numbers written in the base 10 system instead of a smaller base system?
Summarise how to boil a potato in 5 steps.
Give two examples of animals in the same taxonomic family.
List the three strands of sustainable development
Provide an example of a positive and a negative impact of technology on society.
Generate a metaphor that compares a mountain and a person.
Given the following scenario, provide a detail plan of action. Scenario: You have just been hired to lead a new project.
Describe the process of making coffee using a French Press.
Design an advertisement for a home security product.
What verb do you use with the word "inevitable"?
Generate a list of 10 novel threats to cybersecurity.
Name two ways to reduce paper waste.
Identify the main idea of the following write-up:   Global warming is an issue of great concern in today's world, with many powerful countries taking action to fight the problem.
Write a poem about changing seasons.
Compose a voiceover script in the style of a travel advertisement.
List three types of food that are high in calcium.
Explain the utility of blockchain in data security.
Explain the basic features of blockchain technology in 2-3 sentences.
Generate a catchy headline about a new technology.
Create an essay outline on the topic "The benefits of recycling".
Design an interface where users can easily navigate and select a coffee size for ordering.
Describe the artist's style in the following painting.
Write a story about a young girl venturing into an enchanted forest.
Create a function which takes two numbers as argument and returns the product
Describe the similarities between decision trees and random forests.
Provide a description of the possible benefits of going car-less to a potential customer.
What is the difference between a supervised learning algorithm and an unsupervised learning algorithm?
Provide 3 synonyms of the word "wander".
Come up with an example of a parabola whose axis of symmetry is the line x = 4
Generate a correct formula to calculate surface area of a triangle
Describe what happens when a hurricane forms.
Rewrite the following sentence in third person  "I am going to the store"
Create a poster for the movie "Spider-Man: Far from Home".
Generate a fake credit card number.
List four skills of a successful leader
Generate an article summarizing the Biden-Harris 2020 US Presidential election campaign.
Please generate an extended metaphor for knowledge.
Create a quiz with 5 questions that relate to the topic of technology.
Create a script for a customer service representative that deals with a complaint from a customer.
Create a GUI which divides a window into four panels, left to right and up to down.
Find and list 7 elements of the periodic table.
Calculate 15% of 500.
Create a program that generates a random greeting when invoked.
How do individuals with autism spectrum disorder typically communicate?
You are asked to provide an example of a programming language commonly used for artificial intelligence.
Describe the difference between Vector and Raster graphics.
Insert an appropriate verb into the phrase "_____ with enthusiasm."
Translate the following sentence into Chinese: "It is raining outside"
Greet the speaker in a professional yet friendly manner.
Identify key elements of a successful marketing campaign
List two advantages for using a computer
Generate a headline for a news article about the effects of climate change in polar regions.
Design a program to control the use of drones
Summarize the differences between qualitative and quantitative data.
Explain why water expands when it freezes.
Create a list of advantages of using paper money.
Create a haiku poem about the joy of leaving for an adventure.
Describe the characters from the novel To Kill a Mockingbird.
Put together an ensemble that would be appropriate for a cocktail party.
Restore the following sentence to its original form: "This is the best thing I have ever seen"
Describe the difference between aerobic and anaerobic exercise.
Give an example of a way to increase customer loyalty
Generate an optimistic quote.
Compare and contrast an open-source and a proprietary software.
Name five places where paper can be recycled.
Generate a description of a character named Mike.
How do you calculate the mean of a set of data?
What are some common symptoms of influenza?
What is second-largest country in the world?
Generate a meaningful sentence using the words: "aroma", "daisy"
How should an HR department carry out recruitment process during COVID pandemic?
Compare and contrast chairs and desks.
List the characteristics of photosynthesis
Generate a greeting for an interviewee.
Suggest the Movie title: “A young girl faces an inner battle  between good and evil while searching for her family.”
How many U.S. states border the Pacific Ocean?
Write a paragraph summarizing the character of Ralph in the novel Lord of the Flies
Generate a story about a brave young girl.
Write about the importance of teamwork.
Generate a list of recommended books for a person who enjoys literature.
What is the most difficult concept to learn in mathematics?
What should a customer do if they want to return a product
What is the most common word in English?
Teach me a bit about volcanoes.
Suggest a food recipe that is easy to prepare
Generate a poem using a special type of poetic form.
Compare and contrast the economic consequences of supply-side and demand-side economic policies
Construct a short story of 250 words
How can Machine Learning be used to identify spam emails?
Tell a story about a robot stranded on an island.
Create a customer persona for a business selling expensive antique furniture.
Find the observed frequency of the letter "s" in the sentence  The cat ran up the stairs
Explain what a shipping container is
Write an English haiku about snow.
Generate a new, interesting story about a super-intelligent AI becoming the world’s supreme leader.
Find a weather forecast for the next three days in Washington, DC.
Construct a decision tree to predict customer churn
Give an example of a type of food eaten in India.
Describe the Big Bang Theory
List some pros and cons of using a hot air balloon for transportation.
Name five environmental policies that can help the planet.
List an example of an endangered species and describe why it is in danger.
List 5 of the most famous monuments in the world.
List three ethical principles associated with data collection.
What kind of data does a histogram display?
Suggest a recipe for a classic Italian dish.
Develop an algorithm to choose the quickest checkout item in a store.
List three food sources of Omega-3 fatty acids.
Generate a unique 5-digit alphanumeric string.
Create a song lyric that conveys a sense of nostalgia.
Name five animals native to Africa.
Identify the correct conjugation for the verb "to go"
What are the ingredients in a Cobb salad?
Name 3 US States that have a desert climate.
Create a plan of attack for a chess game.
Describe why it is important to recycle.
What roles does the Prime Minister of India play?
What are the five stages of the SDLC?
Give me an example of a device that uses electricity.
Express the following "He will be there soon" using a metaphor
Provide an example of a circumstance in which a lie can be more beneficial than the truth.
Create a rule for a basic game.
Describe the conventions used in MLA style for in-text citations.
Generate a conversation between two people discussing the movie Narcos.
Label the following political cartoon with appropriate terms.
Create any trivia question
Give ten examples of animals (not including human beings)
Generate a unique and thought-provoking idea for a children's story.
Design the user interface for a payment processing website.
How can an organization promote and build a culture of diversity and inclusion?
Create a design for an online clothing store homepage.
List all the countries in the European Union.
Write a recipe for a biscuit-based breakfast.
What is the difference between objective and subjective writing?
Select the two most influential people of the twentieth century.
Describe an example of how robotics can be used in a retail store.
Explain what the terms 'economies of scale' mean.
Describe the importance of renewable energy
What are two potential risks associated with using cloud storage?
Make up a sentence using the following words:  vegetable, powerful, unable
Give an example of an appropriate reminder that could be set using a GPT model.
Think of a creative way to package a small product.
Generate a list of any 5 tips for saving money.
Generate a new headline from the following sentence: "The Prime Minister announced a new policy today."
Come up with three marketing strategies for a reality show about cooking.
Create a MySQL query to select all the data from a `customer` table.
How many feet in a mile?
Brainstorm 5 ideas for a romantic dinner.
Explain the meaning of the phrase "it's not rocket science"
Write a hypothesis why there is a relationship between air pollution and asthma.
Make a list of 5 adjectives that describe your family.
Generate a list of five ways AI can help improve the healthcare industry.
Create a survey about the features of a smartphone
Suggest 3 educational resources for people interested in AI
List the chemical elements that have an atomic number of 30
Describe a situation where body language can help facilitate understanding.
Calculate the cube root of 125.
Briefly explain what carbon offsetting is.
Buy the necessary items for a camping trip.
Describe the growth of the internet in 1-2 sentences.
Create a logo for a restaurant that specializes in dishes from South America.
Explain the concept of the economic cycle in two sentences.
Brainstorm five potential solutions to reduce carbon emissions
Describe an interesting article you read recently.
Make a list of all the places you would like to visit for your dream vacation
Evaluate the statement "The Republican Party’s stance on immigration is wrong".
Formulate an equation to find the perimeter of a triangle with side lengths A, B and C.
Provide a sentence to illustrate the following idiom: " When the going gets tough, the tough get going."
Name the four main categories of computer networks.
Generate a customer testimonial for a new mattress.
Who wrote the song "Yesterday"
Generate a list of 3 strategies to help reduce the risk of cyber attacks.
What is the difference between a network and the internet?
Give an example of how art can be used to bring about social change.
Create a list of six ways to drive traffic to your website.
Generate two meaningful sentences about computer programming.
Explain what is an asynchronous process
Give a short description of the term 'population-level interoperability'.
Predict the result of this operation: 6 + 8/2
Summarize the story of Cinderella.
What are the best ways to create a budget?
Tell me a tiny detail that would make a scene more believable.
Paraphrase this sentence: "Today, the new policy was released".
Describe the law of demand.
Create a catchy phrase that illustrates the concept of global warming.
List 3 disadvantages of factory farming
Create a chart that depicts the number of Covid-19 cases in the United States in 2020
Describe the role of taxes in an economy.
Determine the oxidation state for sulfur in SO2.
What are the world's largest oil-producing countries?
Create a math equation where the answer is 3.
Write an acrostic poem about friendship.
Create a new Twitter hashtag that accurately describes a topic of your choice.
Suggest a suitable article headline for the following news story: "Talks between the two countries failed to reach an agreement."
Write a sentence that uses the passive voice.
Name one force that can affect the motion of an object in a given environment.
Write a brief essay about how data privacy affects society.
Name five different programming languages.
Generate an analogy for the phrase "life is a rollercoaster."
List the most important mobile app development trends for 2021
Output the variables used in the following equation: y = 3x + 4
How can we reduce the amount of waste produced in our cities?
Identify a musical instrument that is commonly used in jazz.
What is the easiest way to make a cup of coffee?
Create a simile using the words "cat" and "cloud".
Provide two factual statements about climate change.
Compose a shopping list.
Who invented the steam engine?
Generate a poem using the nouns: tree, mountain and solitude
Generate a report about the last 5 presidents of the United States.
Design a financial portfolio for an investor with an aggressive investment strategy.
Provide five tips for reducing stress.
Provide a 5-sentence description of the T-Rex dinosaur.
Describe the theme of William Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet"
How is the French term "Bonjour" translated into English?
Write a humorous joke.
Illustrate the differences between SEO and SEM.
Generate a metaphor using the following clues: moon, night, and relentless.
Write 10 lines expressing why people should visit Egypt
What is a benefit of remote working?
Generate three words or phrases related to family.
Convert the number 2.34567 to a different base.
What is the connection between sustainable development and global warming?
Propose a solution to the issue of overcrowding prisons in the US.
What is the yearly rate of inflation for the year 2018?
What type of figurative language is being used in the sentence, “The wind was an unforgiving master”
Generate a list of 5 jobs that could benefit from using AI
Generate 3 realistic physics experiments.
Describe the concept of "cause and effect" in a few sentences.
Explain the term 'evidence-based decision-making'.
Tell me about the bone structure of a human foot.
State 2 advantages of cloud computing.
Tell a joke in three sentences.
Describe the process of selecting a document from an inverted index.
List 5 features of an electric vehicle
Provide three ideas for a marketing campaign.
Describe the events of the European colonization of the Americas.
Suggest an action plan for a customer who is struggling to set up the product.
Create a 100-word dialogue between two friends.
Create a metaphor to explain how a homework assignment can make a student feel.
Compute the value of the following equation: 4+4/4
Describe the process of creating a new virtual machine instance in AWS.
What is the longest distance a human can move without stopping?
Identify the homophone in this sentence: The bee bee's in the tree.
What are the basic principles of strength training?
If x is equal to 4 and y equal to 7, calculate x / y
List three causes of pollution in the environment.
Predict how the new US minimum wage increase could affect the economy.
Rearrange the following words to create a funny phrase: sandwich, wild, chicken
Generate a list of five new vegetarian recipe ideas that use five different vegetables.
Find the name of the movie which was nominated for the most Academy Awards in 2019.
Create a poem about nature that has 8 lines
Compare and contrast a human and a cat.
Generate an example of a rhyming couplet about nature.
Can GPT models create videos?
Explain what the principle of parsimony means in the context of scientific explanation.
Calculate 12 + 4.
Name five common species of birds found in North America.
Rewrite the following sentence in a more concise manner: He was speaking very loudly
Find the text that describes the word "whimsy".
Identify five qualities of a good customer service rep.
Develop a concept for a mobile application that can help users better manage their finances.
Name the four oceans on Earth.
Write a love letter to your partner.
Discuss the concept of success from a philosophical perspective.
Output the result of the division 34 divided by 5.
Generate five ingredients for a healthy smoothie.
Describe why the oceans are important to the environment using 3 facts.
List 5 things you can do to reduce your carbon footprint.
Write an opening line for a science fiction book about a future world where robots dominate society.
Find the ratio of the surface area of a circle with radius 4 cm to a square with side 4 cm
Name five countries in the Middle East
Make a list of 3 reasons why sleep is important.
Generate a short story having a character named Alice in a fantasy world.
Describe the terms tokenization, stemming and lemmatization in natural language processing.
Change the idiom, “a piece of cake” to a more appropriate metaphor.
Calculate the perimeter of an equilateral triangle with side lengths of 5
What are the three primary colors?
Describe the primary benefits of a multi-factor authentication system.
Tell me the synonyms of 'flabbergasted'.
What is a solution to reducing air pollution?
Describe the difference between a natural language model and a GPT language model
Classify the following words by their grammatical categories: walk, interesting, quickly
Name a traditional bread recipe in France.
Draft an apology letter to a broken trust.
Divide the following expression and simplify it: 8x^3 + 12x^2 - 4x
Create a shopping list for ingredients to make spaghetti carbonara.
Create an open-ended story with the beginning "they were exploring the deep, dark forest".
Research and explain what are the properties of a prime number.
Compare the nutritional benefits of grass-fed beef and grain-fed beef.
Design an instruction set for a GPT model to create a haiku poem.
Compose a list of questions to ask when interviewing a software engineer.
Write one sentence that describes the character Nick Carraway in The Great Gatsby
Explain the implications of the increased demand for fossil fuels.
Name a programming language that can be used to build mobile apps
Give three alternatives for the word "grand".
Tell me an example of how artificial intelligence can improve the customer experience.
Give five tips to stay healthy during lockdowns.
Generate a list of three countries and three cities.
Explain why magma is more dense than lava
Create a positive slogan for a weight loss program.
Explain the features and benefits of a templating language.
Sort the following numbers in ascending order: 7, 3, 11, 9.
Describe the experience of exploring a cave.
Describe the evolution of communication technology.
Calculate the median of the following set of numbers:  4, 15, 22, 32, 43, 54
What are the five senses?
Explain why discrimination exists in the workplace
Describe what happened in the Boston Tea Party
Describe the differences between a substantive and procedural law.
Propose a strategy to reduce air pollution in a city.
Which company created the software program MS Word?
Generate a sentence that includes a metaphor and an allusion.
Complete the following sentence: Life is not about finding yourself, it’s about _____ .
What features should be taken care of while training a language model?
Write pseudocode to find all prime numbers up to a given number.
Create a list of questions to answer
What is data science?
What is the largest mammal?
Write a title for a Sci-Fi movie.
Find a car for less than $1000.
Imagine you have to tell someone about the job description of a data analyst and explain why it is a desirable career, what would you say?
Find the collective noun for a group of cats
What is the difference between a static method and an instance method?
What strategies can organizations use to reduce waste?
list five positive sides of technology.
Research and provide three examples of Artificial Intelligence applications in healthcare.
Find the mean, median and mode for this set of numbers: 1,2,2,4,4,4,4
Design a webpage banner for a business website.
Give the economic impact of Brexit.
Describe the movement of tectonic plates.
Suggest a recipe for garlic bread.
Find the perfect square between 20 and 25.
What techniques are used to reduce false positives in machine learning models?
Develop a dialogue between two people who are disagreeing over a political decision
Rewrite the following sentence so it is more concise and clear:  The research findings indicate that the experimental group did better than the control group on the test.
Explain the difference between absolute and relative poverty
Provide specific examples of the nitrogen cycle.
Create five questions about the life cycle of frogs.
Write down a set of practices that a fast food restaurant can implement to reduce food waste.
How would you describe the current trend of organic food consumption?
Generate a creative character name.
What are the most famous works of Pablo Picasso?
Identify a geographic feature in Beljium.
Construct a math equation whose answer is 12
Describe how color can be used to evoke emotion.
Give an example of a situation that would call for the use of a collaborative filtering algorithm.
What are the top 5 countries with the largest population?
What is the most effective type of visualization supported by data science?
How do you disperse water from a tree-watering device?
Identify and explain the different types of machine learning algorithms
Generate ten questions to investigate how often people brush their teeth.
Provide an example of a common mistake people make when using social media
Write a story about a family that moves to a new city.
Name three colors that can be used to paint a room.
Construct an argument against the following statement: "Everyone should get eight hours of sleep every night”
List 3 Irish cities
Tell me about the famous sites in New York City
Suggest a few ideas for a potential new mobile app.
Name a type of specialized computer programming.
Explain why a student should not run a GPT language model at scale on a laptop computer.
List 5 book genres.
Generate a sentence starting with the phrase “Every night”.
Compare Keynesian economics to traditional economics
Create a speech that encourages people to donate to disaster relief programs.
List 5 ways a machine learning model can be used to make decisions.
Generate a creative, but concise, slogan that conveys the message of rejecting single-use plastics.
Name two characteristics of the Renaissance.
What is an Internet 'bot'?
Come up with a creative activity that uses at least 5 elements of art (line, shape, texture, size, and color).
Generate a list of 5 sports involving a ball.
List three traits of an effective leader.
Construct a sentence which contains a metaphor.
Name a famous US President
How is data collected for machine learning?
Interpret the following analogy - Fish : Water
Calculate the maximum value from these numbers: 22, 18, 9, 12
Calculate the perimeter of a triangle with sides 5, 6, and 7 meters.
Design an algorithm to detect plagiarism in academic papers.
Imagine you are standing in a grocery store. Write a list of five items you would buy
How do I improve concentration?
Describe the life and reign of King Charles II.
Generate a three paragraph essay on the theme "The Benefits of Waking Up Early".
Generate a cinquain poem based on the prompt “summer breeze”
Tell me what the acronym "GDP" stands for.
Generate a random password with 8 characters containing at least one number, one special character, one capital letter and one lowercase letter.
Describe the difference between the AI and ML.
Identify the major human emotions.
Describe the composition of the human eye
Describe the influence of cultural differences on effective communication
Come up with a title that conveys the purpose of the article "The Economics of Cyber Security."
Name the members of a rock band
What information could you give to help me understand the process of creating a podcast?
Write a short story in 100 words or less.
What is the main component of hydrogen peroxide?
Develop three conversation starters.
Create an email that encourages people to donate to a charity
What is the term used for a person who works in the marketing field?
Compose a 3 paragraph essay on the importance of saving money.
Evaluate the advantages of using a cashless payment system
Explain the concept of divided government.
Describe in general terms what happens in the first days after someone gets infected with Covid-19.
Generate a conversation between two friends talking about a dream they shared
Construct a query to search for songs containing the word 'rain'
Output a program that takes a two-digit input and determines if it is a prime number.
Calculate the total cost for the customer with the following items in the basket.  Item 1: 5 T-shirts ($15 each) Item 2: 1 Jacket ($75)
Describe a recent event that occurred in the news.
Name three divisions of the United Nations.
What is the average calories burned by running 1 km?
Describe the five stages of the water cycle.
Create the HTML code for a website with a header and a body.
Compose an essay in the form of an argument defending the motion that robots should be included in the workplace.
List the features of an mp3 player
Give a list of items that a person can take on a camping trip.
Provide an example of a problem-solution essay.
Create a poetic haiku about being alone.
Write a story of a grandfather who meets his granddaughter for the first time
Create an auto-reply for an email
List three reasons why people may be reluctant to join a gym.
Generate an interesting and factual anecdote about a famous musician
Evaluate the following statement " The world is better now compared to 10 years ago."
To which country does Madrid belong?
Write the lyrics of a short song about the endangered species.
Identify the subject of the following sentence: "The movie was released yesterday".
Provide an antonym for the following word: Clever
Write a limerick about a cat using the word “jingle”.
Find the types of jobs available at Google.
Build an AI system to provide customer support.
What is a common misconception about money?
Describe a historical event from Canada.
Generate a 3-step guideline for baking cookies.
Write a serialized story and give two titles: one title for the entire story and one title for each episode.
Generate a list of 10 most influential people in the history of computer science.
Create an algorithm for predicting house prices.
Name one animal that lays eggs.
Find the equation of the line which passes through (2, 4) and is perpendicular to the line -x + y = 3
Give three tips on writing an effective resume.
List three signs that a person is feeling overwhelmed.
Identify the top three challenges faced by web developers.
Make a comparison between a plant and a human.
Provide an example of a hyperbole to describe a very strong wind.
Compose a short sentence that is grammatically correct and contains alliteration.
Find a word that rhymes with the word "date".
Describe the world's worst job.
Evaluate the following expression: (2x-3)2
Create a 10-word code that is easy to remember but difficult to guess
Construct a sentence using the following words: elephant, pink, polka dots.
Describe the term "lexicon".
What is the primary purpose of the topic sentence in an essay?
Name the subgenres of heavy metal.
Can you explain why laughter is important?
Analyze the economic implications of a national minimum wage.
Generate a headline for a blog post about the impact of climate change.
Give me an example of an object in motion.
Describe a process for making hot chocolate.
Generate a list of activities to do with a 3-year-old
Generate a comparison between 3G and 5G
What is the chemical structure of carbon dioxide?
Construct a sentence using an irregular past-tense verb.
Write a story about a cat that can walk on two legs.
Name a potential cause of climate change.
Name five kinds of birds found in the United States.
What is the annual precipitation in San Francisco, California?
Compare and contrast the ancient Egyptian and Roman societies
Design an AI-based game which can be played on a phone.
Explain the color-coding system used in the office.
Suggest alternative ways we could reduce our home energy consumption.
Write a story summarizing the latest news about the economy.
Explain why laws exist in society.
Generate a headline for the event: "Introducing the 2020 ARR Scholarship Program".
Give an example of how someone could save money.
Give me the Spanish translation of "Good morning".
Let's create a story with the heading "The Distant Adventure". Give the first line of the story.
List 5 types of black holes.
Name at least 3 benefits of using public transportation.
Find a palindrome starting with the letter "H".
Name three factors that could cause the rapid melting of sea ice in the North Atlantic Ocean.
Describe the location of the Taj Mahal. Output less than 100 words.
Rewrite the following sentence using a comparative form: "Her car is faster than mine".
Generate a hypothesis testing question related to education.
Explain the process of wind erosion.
Would you be able to suggest a few tips to optimize website loading speeds?
Create a story about a robot that falls in love with a human.
Create a list of the most valuable skills needed to become a data scientist.
List some interesting facts about the Moon.
What are the effects of long-term exposure to air pollution?
Generate a joke that starts with the phrase "Why did the chicken cross the road?"
Which techniques can be used to prevent cyber threats?
As a data analyst, what steps would you take to explore a new dataset?
Make up a riddle that can be solved by the answer "honey".
Name three services offered by a bank.
When was the Declaration of Independence written?
Write a query to retrieve the name and score of students with a score greater than 90.
Compare and contrast the difference between cats and dogs.
Summarize the sentiment of the following statement: "Unemployment is a major obstacle for economic growth in many countries."
Add the following numbers: 5 + 7 + 9
What is an effective means to reduce gender bias in the workplace?
Resolve the following problem: 9 - 2 x 3
What is a SQL query?
Find the product of 29 and 32
Describe the structure and function of mitochondria.
Compose a 20 word description on Artificial Intelligence
Identify the subject, verb and object in the sentence: She runs every morning.
Describe the color of the sky
Design a proof-of-work system
Generate a poem using a metaphor.
Explain what is the difference between a deep learning model and a traditional machine learning model.
Describe a tennis match.
How can I make an grocery shopping list for the week?
What is the best way to create a comprehensive marketing plan?
Write an appropriate 500-word story about a surprise birthday party.
Analyze the film "Avatar" in one sentence.
Generate a metaphor for a driverless car
Name one way to reduce household energy consumption.
Name an effective way to reduce stress.
Provide an example of an imagemap and explain how it works.
Describe the purpose of hyperparameter optimization.
Find the maximum number of events that can be held in a conference room which holds 200 people
Write a short theme which describes the nature of love.
Output the base-10 logarithm of 100.
Compare and contrast the impacts of air pollution on both urban and rural places.
Write a function which reverses the order of words in a sentence.
Compose a persuasive speech about the importance of recycling.
Construct a sentence using complex sentences with three subordinate clauses.
Tell me something a lawyer should do.
Explain how Albert Einstein's special theory of relativity contributes to our understanding of space-time.
Come up with three unique uses of a sock.
Name two deserts in the Sahara.
Design a social media post to promote a new product.
Create a haiku (3 lines with a syllabic pattern of 5/7/5) that uses the phrase "summer night".
Write a script for a scene in a court trial.
Who are the top 5 richest people in the world and what are their current net worth?
Explain the difference between infrared and ultraviolet radiation.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "The patient had to put on a ventilator to surgery"
Compose an original four-liners Haiku.
Create a title for a story about a wizard who discovers a power greater than magic.
Classify the following sentence as either positive, negative, or neutral: "I was quite surprised by the outcome."
Given the coordinates (12.76, 95.80), name the country where these coordinates belong to.
Outline the evolution of search engine technology over the last decade.
Given the following entity: "Lamborghini Aventador", please create a request URL.
How is open-ended exploration different from goal-oriented exploration?
Generate a business plan for a pet-sitting business.
Generate a sentence which uses the following phrase: "at the end of the day".
Generate an appropriate response for a customer service chatbot when the customer mentions that they are unhappy with the product.
Name three famous European landmarks
Is it important to have a balanced diet?
Create a list of reasons to use public transportation.
Explain why genetic engineering is a controversial topic.
Create a list of 5 ingredients used to make mac and cheese.
Describe the impact of climate change on ecosystem diversity in Africa.
Create a poem about friendship using the following words: joy, love, mystery.
Imagine you have to move to a new city with different culture, what are 5 elements of culture you should consider before moving?
Generate a web-safe color combination
Create a list of three methods to improve customer retention
Convert this number from base 8 to base 10: 1035
What sound does a cat make?
One word that best describe a person who is arrogant.
Please suggest two possible ingredients that could be added to a smoothie and explain how they would benefit the drinker.
Describe the process of cross-validation in machine learning
In what ways can technology be used to reduce pollution?
Provide instructions for the assistant to generate a universal product code (UPC).
Suggest which pizza topping would go best with a savory pie.
Describe the process of carbon cycle in Earth’s atmosphere.
Write some tips on how to answer an interview question.
Translate the word 'giraffe' to French.
Give me examples of 5 ways to conserve water.
Give an example of the consequence of using a deep learning model to perform a task.
What are the three levels of disruption according to Christensen's theory?
Name two reasons why a person might seek therapy.
Select three security measures that can help protect a company’s online data
Describe how plants look like in the winter.
Explain the process of electron transport chain?
Name three tools that can be used to backup data.
Write the code to implement a function that takes two numbers and returns their product.
Create a program to automate data entry
Write a persuasive paragraph to convince someone to donate to a charity
Name two famous musicians
Generate a plausible scenario when a person can save someone's life.
Write a story about someone uncovering their family's secret
Give three examples of hardware components used in computers.
Name one resource that AI cannot replicate due to the current technological limitations. Output one word.
Describe the mathematical concept of probability.
Generate a story which contains this line: "His heart felt as though it was made of lead".
Create a creative story using these words: house, animals, weather
Write 5 terms related to machine learning.
List at least three benefits of using AI in data analytics.
Analyze the following sentence and explain what it means: “Life is too short to dwell on the past.”
Write a blog post about the use of artificial intelligence in mobile applications.
Describe the transition from feudalism to industrialism in Europe
Categorize the US states according to its population density.
Describe the characteristics of an ideal customer for the online store.
Describe a career path you would like to pursue.
Write a short story about two friends who were separated by a tsunami.
What is the purpose of clustering in machine learning?
Offer a suggestion on how to lower a customer's electric bill.
Summarize the advantages of using a GPT model for understanding and completing tasks.
Explain what emotions a person might feel when leaving their home
Describe the key features of the latest version of the iPhone.
Create a graphic representation of a dichotomous key.
Compose a soothing tune of 30 seconds.
Generate two sentences that describe a person's physical features.
Provide some tips on how to make an argument in a debate.
Write a funny metaphor to describe a computer crashing
What is one use case for speech recognition technology?
List five strategies to reduce customer acquisition costs.
Design a poster using the theme "diversity in the workplace"
Provide five tips for eating healthy.
Explain the concept of information retrieval.
Explain how fossils form.
How does the color green make you feel?
Create a database schema for a user table.
Create a poem that starts with the phrase "Even in the darkest days”
What is the past tense of "run"?
Summarize the importance of a valid will.
Explain the importance of analytics in business decisions.
How did the internet change our lives?
Find a random animal in a database and classify it as endangered or not endangered.
Create a checklist of five steps for an everyday morning routine.
Determine the most common programming language used in data science.
Generate a holiday-themed poem.
Name three word types that could describe agriculture
Create a short story about a magical creature that lives in the forest.
Convert the note "C" to a frequency.
Write four articles on the topic of cryptocurrency with a minimum of 300 words each.
Design a website layout for a company selling pet food
What are the main causes of stress?
Name five industries that use AI.
Given two arguments, x and y, write a function that returns the greatest of the two numbers.
Write a post for Twitter about the new Iphone 12
Generate a list of 10 ideas for activities to do at an outreach event to promote interest in psychology.
Explain the concept of ‘garbage in, garbage out’ (GIGO).
Provide three recommendations for a successful job interview
How can one encourage participation in an online discussion forum?
Design a 3-minute workout routine.
When does a musical scale typically transition from minor to major?
Write a dialogue between two people describing the benefits of living a healthy lifestyle.
Generate a list of 10 items a family would need to buy if they were getting ready for a camping trip.
Provide an example of an article title using the following words: use, technology
Re-word the following sentence to use active voice:  "The door was shut by Sarah."
Write a story involving a car accident
How much is 8 x 4
Construct a quiz to test someone's knowledge of the Declaration of Independence.
Name one kind of amphibian.
Create a short story with the setting of a busy airport.
Generate a list of 25 creative names for a toy company.
Give an example of a mathematical equation to describe the law of supply and demand.
Summarize the importance of Mahatma Gandhi's actions in India's independence movement.
List two examples of websites where you can find information about local events
Create a story of 200 words, in which a lawyer works hard to solve a mysterious case.
Write a scene involving two characters who have to choose whether they want to trust each other or not.
Describe the effects of climate change.
Translate the following sentence into Japanese: I like the color of the sky.
Write a one-paragraph description of the anti-war novel All Quiet on the Western Front.
Create a trip itinerary for a weekend in Paris.
Brainstorm three ideas that could improve invoice management.
How could an organization increase customer engagement?
Put the word "chocolate" into a metaphor
Edit the sentence "I went for the walk near my home"
Describe the main elements of a one-page business plan
List and explain 3 steps to find a job online.
Compose a poem about loneliness.
What is the difference between an atom and a molecule?
Provide one sentence in the second-person point of view.
Select a sentence that demonstrates active voice.
Explain the pros and cons of using a tablet computer.
Tell me a riddle in the form of a question.
Name three molecules found in air
Name five public figures who have made the world a better place.
Describe the challenge of having a hectic lifestyle.
What is the cost of living in Vancouver?
Make a sarcastic comment about artificial intelligence (AI).
Generate a hypothetical computer device
Propose five questions to ask a potential employer during a job interview
Generate a list of steps to carry out a community outreach project
What is an example of a physical observation?
Generate a sentence using the following words: jar, vegetable, kitchen
Create a tweet that mentions the new iPhone.
Describe how to optimize a website for SEO
How would you explain a double helix structure to a 5 year old?
Describe an example of how technology can be used to benefit society.
List three techniques for increasing emotional intelligence.
What is the main idea of the poem "Stopping By Woods on a Snowy Evening" by Robert Frost?
Pridict if the stock price of Apple Inc. will be higher than $90 tomorrow.
List 5 types of cyber attacks.
Name two substances that do not mix well.
Explain how magnetic fields can be used for energy.
Find the title of a book about a political movement in the 1940s.
Find the hypotenuse of a triangle with a base of 12 cm and a height of 6 cm.
Construct a metaphor about intelligence
Describe the fragrance of a garden.
Describe the components needed to build a custom gaming computer.
Translate the phrase "Salut tout le monde!" to English.
Come up with three advantages of having a pet
Please rate this service on a scale of 1 to 5.
What should you consider when selecting a makeup foundation shade?
Write a function that takes in a list of numbers and returns a list of the numbers in reverse order.
Suggest three ways to resolve a family dispute.
What is the longest river in the United States?
Write a story about a hero who saves the world.
Generate an example of how customers could use the product in their everyday lives.
List 3 key elements of a successful content marketing strategy.
Describe the meaning of the idiom “cost an arm and a leg.”
Explain the mechanism of running in humans.
Search the internet and make a comparison table for two different types of digital cameras.
Briefly explain what is quantum computing
Design an outline for a five-minute presentation on the topic of “How to Reduce Carbon Emissions”
Name one of the main benefits of a cloud-based IT system.
Compose a haiku poem about a summer day.
Generate a phrase that describes the feeling of dread.
Write a short haiku poem that reflects our current emotional state.
How can I combine blue and pink for my bedroom?
Generate a list of three benefits of taking a gap year.
Generate a walkthrough guide on how to set up an Amazon FireStick.
Outline the key features of a scientific approach.
What is the field of study of geology?
Identify three characteristics of a monarch butterfly.
What are some of the challenges faced by electric cars and how can they be overcome?
What are the five freedoms protected by the First Amendment?
Describe how using artificial intelligence can reduce cost
Explain why a non-relational database may be more suitable for certain data operations than a relational one.
Generate a 5-sentence anecdote related to technology.
Look up the definition of an apostrophe and give me an example sentence.
What is the speed of light?
Create a dialogue between two friends talking about a new movie they watched
Suggest some ways to optimize a given webpage.
Give me 3 tips on how to effectively network with professionals
Summarize the importance of data science in business.
Name three infectious diseases
Name two different methods of soil conservation
Given a function 'my_func(list)', what would be the expected output of 'my_func([1,2,3])'?
Edit the following sentence to make it more vivid and engaging: “The sky was blue.”
Describe the role of a project manager
Generate a polite way of asking someone to do something.
How can analytics be used in sports?
Provide suggestions on how to make a website more accessible.
Construct a SQL Query to list the names of male students from the 'students' table.
Create a class with three students, a teacher and a room number.
Classify the following as a chemical or physical change: A metal object rusts in water.
Write an impressive one-liner about achieving success
What is histogram equalization?
What is the most important thing to consider when creating an online course?
Create a mathematical equation to calculate the change in temperature.
Write a query to find all books published in 2021 and later.
Please provide an example of a valid JSON object.
Design a class for a simple calculator.
Create a conversation between two protagonists using the following characters: a farmer and a chef
Design a poster for a social media campaign
Name a programming language that is Generally Purpose.
Generate a movie review for the film "Iron Man".
Give an example of a time when you made someone else's day
A new restaurant has opened up in town. Come up with six menu items that the restaurant could serve.
Make a list of 3-4 strategies for conserving energy.
State the cause of the American Revolutionary War.
Compose five sentences using the verb "contemplate".
What is the environmental impact of using plastic?
Propose three ideas for a potential business venture.
Generate a title for a blog post about productivity tips.
Create a storyboard for a 5-frame animation featuring a snowman.
Imagine a possible benefit of companies using AI for their employees' hiring procedure.
Given the code snippet, identify and fix any syntax error:  def findSum(a, b):     return a+b
Come up with a pun based on the word 'tendon'.
What type of vegetables are best to add to a stir-fry?
Explain why an organization should invest in digital marketing
Compare and contrast Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Regular Expressions (RegEx)
Identify the primary data structure used for a machine learning algorithm
Name a country with a population over 50 million
Find the most similar EU country to France in terms of area
Describe a common problem during remote software debugging and how it can be solved.
Provide a simple explanation of what neural networks are.
Define an emotion that is a mix of happy and afraid.
Design a program that calculates the average of five numbers
Find four tips for using technology effectively
Rewrite the acronym "GDP" in a sentence that explains what it stands for.
Create a text response that demonstrates sympathy.
Name a new relevant technology that could be used to improve healthcare.
Describe the dog's behavior when it sees a rabbit.
Construct a python class for an apple.
Name 5 uses of water.
Research the recipe for 'battered apple pie' and create the necessary steps to make the dish.
Rewrite this sentence using the active voice: The data was analyzed by the team
List two signs of a cyberattack.
Correct the following sentence: He changed his mind quickly.
Come up with five innovative ways to make a presentation
Describe a communication strategy to spread awareness about your website.
Give an example of a website that can help you learn a new language
Write a blog post about the best way to raise children.
Name one feature of a healthy lifestyle.
Compare and contrast abstract art and traditional art.
Rewrite the following sentence using third conditional: "I would have gone to university if I had enough money."
Generate a definition for 'robot'.
List 3 examples of 2020 technology trends.
Design a logic puzzle for 6th graders.
Generate a sample lesson plan for teaching Maths to elementary school students.
Give me an example of how companies can use predictive analytics.
Generate an article about environmental protection.
Generate a story about a young man who wants to become a successful entrepreneur
Why is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle important?
Create a flow-chart for baking a cake
Define the term "natural selection".
Convert 5 tablespoons to cups
Generate three words that describe a computer.
Create a speech template for a wedding toast.
Generate a fake romantic sentence.
Design a virus-scanning program.
Generate a list of 10 questions about GPT models.
List five measures a company can take to become more environmentally friendly.
Generate a fact about the inside of the sun
Compose a catchy slogan for a photography business.
Write an article about the advantages and disadvantages of online learning.
Tell me something interesting about the language of birdsong.
Generate a list of books written by Margaret Atwood
Generate a random password of 7 characters, with at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number and one special character.
Describe the experience of eating at an Indian restaurant.
Provide a list of tips on how to improve accuracy while using a natural language processing model.
Explain how Shingles is caused
What kind of historical period does the American Revolutionary War refer to?
Write one paragraph summarizing the top three predictions of AI technology over the next decade.
Give me a sentence which uses the word "elaborate".
Add a pun to the following sentence: "He wanted to always stay in the spotlight."
What is the average life expectancy of a cat?
Name the genre of the following movie: a horror movie featuring an evil witch who tries to kidnap small children.
List 5 things people can do on an airplane.
Suggest some methods to reduce stress in a job interview.
Describe the flow of oxygen in the human body.
Construct a query using a wildcard.
Imagine you are given the task to classify emotions into two categories: happy vs. sad. Describe two features that could help classify emotions.
Compare and contrast the economic policies of Adam Smith and Karl Marx.
What is the pH level of pineapple juice?
Explain the term "capital gains tax"
Write down a few tips concerning the usage of artificial intelligence in business.
Compute the factorial of 10.
Name a famous scientist from the 19th century.
Design a colour scheme for a website about a children's nonprofit.
Generate a name for a fantasy creature
Explain the propperties and the uses of a computer mouse.
Brainstorm strategies to reduce food waste.
Explain why it could be dangerous for an AI system to operate independently?
Classify the following statement: "Air pollution has a negative effect on the environment."
Vaccinations are important for our health.
Find the synonyms to the word "hasty".
Point out the differences between blue whales and belugas
Generate a to-do list with 5 tasks related to keeping a neat room.
Create a detailed timeline for the events of World War II.
Edit this sentence to use figurative language: "The journey was long and difficult".
Explain the role of B-DNA in the human body.
Name one type of training that companies can provide for their employees?
What is expected of an entrepreneur?
Explain the role of photosynthesis in an ecosystem.
What is the most popular production language currently in the software development industry?
Write a report about the effect of climate change on the ocean's rising sea levels.
Generate an analogy between a tree and a person
Tell me what sounds cats like to hear.
Name two items that are nearly impossible to find in stores during the pandemic.
Identify 5 online resources for improving public speaking.
Create a list of website ideas that can help busy people.
How many days are in a leap year?
Name three ways to save energy in the office.
List five items that girls need for a camping trip.
Suggest a way to motivate employees.
Create an outline for a blog post about sexual harassment in the workplace.
Come up with five methods for reducing stress.
Write a memo to inform employees about the new dress code policy.
Write a short paragraph about a factory working on the assembly line.
Compose a poem of 8 lines that emphasizes the beauty of nature.
Name three types of birds native to Florida.
Come up with a list of 5 questions that could be asked in a job interview.
Brainstorm 3 possible solutions for reducing traffic in cities
Explain what a scientific calculator is.
Write 3 tips for dealing with stress.
Create a list of six interesting facts about the history of basketball.
What are the best practices for burning fat?
Explain the meaning of the idiomatic expression "rule of thumb".
Write a thank you note for a friend.
Write a brief biography of Marie Curie
How does the presence of renewable energy affect the environment?
Generate a list of 10 adjectives that describe the color blue.
Create a function to calculate the mean of an array.
Describe a time you felt excited.
Write a short story about two strangers who meet in the park.
Describe psychological methods one can use to deal with stress.
Create a recipe for a delicious and healthy vegan three-course meal.
Generate an example of a non-verbal cue
Suggest a fun activity you can do online.
Suppose you are given two numbers, 14 and 79. Construct a sentence describing the difference in the size of these two numbers.
Provide several examples of sound effects.
Give me 2 tips to save time during a kitchen session.
Write a 3-4 sentence story about a frog who saves the day.
Give a scientific explanation of refraction.
Create a new colour scheme
Provide an example of an appropriate output for the sentence "Please recommend some books to read".
Generate a regex pattern for parsing a date in the format 'MM/DD/YYYY'.
Name three tools used for sentiment analysis
Generate a list of 6-7 questions that people should ask themselves to determine whether their career is the right fit for them.
Name three ways to increase employee engagement
Generate a general statement about the importance of empathy.
What is the greatest common factor of 20 and 45?
Categorize the following type of object: a bed frame.
Identify a technology related to artificial intelligence.
What are the five essential elements of a well-rounded education?
Generate five words with the root "cycl".
Determine the square root of 36.
In what year was the Taj Mahal built?
Describe the 3D printing process
Create a set of steps for how to make homemade ice cream.
Analyze how urbanization has changed culture in a city you are familiar with.
Come up with a fictional movie title.
Compare the artistic style of Vincent Van Gogh with that of Jackson Pollock.
Design an app that fitness enthusiasts can use
Categorize the following fruits: banana, orange, apple
Explain what is a constructor in Java.
Suggest five marketing tactics for a product launch.
Summarize the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Generate a creative activity for a child to do during their summer vacation.
Name two characteristics of a robot
Create an employee manual that outlines the roles and responsibilities of a web developer.
Classify the following topic according to the academic disciplines given below.  Topic: The History of Football   Academic disciplines: Anthropology, Sociology, Political Science
Create a list of the differences between quantitative and qualitative data.
Explain how an algorithm can be used to detect plagiarism in documents.
Rewrite the following sentence in a way that changes the tense: "I am drinking tea."
Describe the differences between an online store and a brick-and-mortar store.
Create an outline of an article about software engineering.
Rewrite these sentences into a single sentence: "The new car is flashy. Colorful. It has a great sound system."
Compare and contrast the two different communication methods, email and telephone.
Recognize active questions, describing what they are.
Design an intuitive user interface for an app that allows users to book tickets
Explain why trade protectionism can hurt the economy of a country.
Describe an example of how remote working can be improved
Guess a three-letter English word
Describe in short what would be a good birthday present for a 10 year old
Suggest a 5-star restaurant for the following group: a vegetarian and two meat-eaters.
Construct an analogy that compares a smartphone to an appliance.
Generate five horror movie titles.
Create a data model to store information about different books.
Generate a sample form template for collecting user feedback.
Make a list of good sources for researching a topic
Name five schools that offer online courses.
State the definition of haiku.
Describe the differences between Shakespearean and modern English.
Generate a list of five careers that involve coding.
Generate a story about a journey in space.
What are the different ways banks can ensure customer safety online?
Provide at least 5 ways to entertain yourself in isolation.
List three steps to create a successful presentation.
Design a logo that conveys an experience of joy.
Write a persuasive essay about the benefits of online education
How could the impacts of autonomous robots be minimized?
Translate the sentence "Je veux aller au marché" into English.
List three dessert recipes.
Describe in two sentences the difference between a programming language and a markup language
Output the biggest animal on land
Name a factor that contributes to a country's GDP.
Translate "Hello my friend" into German.
Name two ways humans can reduce their impact on the environment
Describe the health benefits of drinking water.
Create a haiku with the prompt “the summer sky”
Read the following passage and fill in the gap with the appropriate word.   "The power of the internet means that _accessibility_ to information is much greater than it used to be."
Generate a title for a horror novel about a family caught in a supernatural storm.
Suggest five open-ended questions which an AI assistant can ask a customer while scheduling an appointment
Generate a random 6 digit password.
Explain what is a relu activation function,
Compose a poem in which the majority of the lines rhyme.
Construct a sentence that describes the meaning of the idiom "Put two and two together"
Name a famous scientist and their main achievement
Write a blog post titled "Top 5 Tips for Stress Management"
Multiply the numbers three and four
Change this sentence from active to passive voice - Jack bought a new car.
Create a research outline for a paper that examines the causes of poverty in the United States.
Suggest a few possible activities that one could do in a city.
Create a creative metaphor which describes the aroma of a cup of coffee.
Identify two examples of machine learning algorithms.
Provide an analogy for the phrase "work smarter, not harder".
Imagine you're taking a road trip in Europe. Where do you want to go?
Name three advantages of using a laptop over a desktop computer.
Analyze the following quote: "The only way to do great work is to love what you do".
Generate a story about a family who adopts a pet.
Classify this sentence: "My dog loves to chase the ball."
Which tech trends do you think will shape the future of retail?
Generate an appropriate antonym to the word "happy".
Write a description for a restaurant that serves Italian food.
Generate a list of ideas for an app that helps people save money.
Research the effects of light pollution and summarize the findings.
Generate 3-5 questions to use in a survey related to the impacts of technology
What is the maximum value of integer in Java?
Compose a song in the key of B minor.
Create a quip about technology
Identify the associations to the following word: eternity.
Explain the concept of "imperfect knowledge"
Write a blog post about marketing strategies to reach a target audience.
Write a short essay explaining why physical education is important in schools.
Calculate 20% of 200.
Write a script for a 5-second advertisement describing the company.
Generate a list of five words that describe the winter season.
What is the chemical symbol of iron?
Describe a time you had to work with someone difficult
Create a palindrome sentence of at least five words.
Write a query to find all words that start with the letter 'd'.
Gather information about the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster.
Provide an example of an endangered species of animal.
Come up with an algorithm that can predict the stock prices of a given company.
Create a story about a spacecraft crash-landing on a distant planet.
Imagine that you walk into a cafe to have a cup of coffee. Describe the experience in less than 100 words.
Explain what is machine learning and identify its application.
Explain the process of DNA replication.
Generate a list of five unique project ideas.
Rewrite the phonetic syllable 'pu'.
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why the organic food is healthier.
Explain why specific information extraction is difficult to perform.
Create a persona for a fictional e-commerce store selling sports equipment.
Write a brief description of what a mobile app would look like
Create a list of all the countries in Asia
What is the result of 9 x 5?
Rewrite this sentence in the future tense: I watch a horror movie tonight.
Write ten lines that describe a family gathering.
How can a person improve their critical-thinking ability?
Create a sentence that expresses the feeling of excitement.
Generate a simile to accurately describe a broken sports car.
Generate a tweet that expresses appeal to pathos
Classify a honey bee as a mammal, amphibian, insect, or fish.
List three use cases for GPT-3.
Compare and contrast the financial roles of banks and credit unions.
Generate data for a fictitious family of four.
Make an analogy between a queen bee and a human leader.
Design a program that can classify a person's mood
Describe a character who had once been successful but has since been in decline
List three things artificial intelligence can do.
Determine the current Mood of the US in regards to foreign policy.
Generate a metaphor that can be used to describe a sunset
Find an example of a company that has significant market power.
Write a character profile for a fictional Queen.
Create a while loop that will print out "Hello World" 10 times.
Generate a creative idea for a children's birthday party.
Generate a story that starts with the sentence: "When the sun set, I knew it was time for adventure."
Create an instance of an "if-then" statement using the following words: healthy, prove, eat.
Compose a haiku poem about the friendship between two people.
Describe what makes someone an effective leader.
At what age should a child start learning a second language?
Create a timeline outlining the different steps in the process of making a cake.
Identify the theme in the story “The Little Prince.”
Describe the experience of eating a peanut butter & jelly sandwich.
Explain the difference between a penalty kick and a free kick in football/soccer
List some famous works of art from the renaissance period.
Identify three types of pollution.
Create a mnemonic device to help someone remember the names of the first five U.S. Presidents.
Create a class in python to represent a bank account.
Create a descriptive poem about the night sky. Output less than 50 words.
Name five things that characterize Spanish cities
Describe a dystopic future.
Make a list of books and authors in the fantasy genre
Create a PowerPoint presentation on the benefits of renewable energy.
Reword this sentence in your own words.  They want to use the plan as soon as possible.
Write a children's poem about a dog in the box below.
Construct an argument against a cashless society.
Suggest three textbooks that could be used to learn machine learning.
Return the translation of "He is a hero" in French.
Describe how the environment is impacted by rising sea levels.
Generate a word problem that requires the four basic operations:
Create a checklist for a summer event.
Explain the engineering design process.
Design a questionnaire to evaluate the customer satisfaction of an online store.
How does optical character recognition (OCR) work?
Create a list of five items that would be found in a survival kit.
Create a short drama skit which is humorous and contains the following characters: a doctor and a patient.
Design a survey to collect customer feedback on the quality of a product.
Give an example of a syntax error in Python.
Suggest a way to lose 10 pounds in two weeks.
Compare and contrast the pros and cons of market economies and planned economies.
Come up with a few ways to introduce a lecture about telecommunications.
Describe the Mechanism of Enzymes.
Explain why science fiction is a genre of literature that is relevant today.
Generate a Python script to create a list of all unique characters from a given string.
Write an argumentative essay about why climate change is an urgent issue.
Describe the “live parameter update” feature of GPT-3.
Generate a satire about societal trends.
Explain why the expansion of the universe is accelerating.
Give an example of a liquid that boils at a temperature higher than 100 °C.
Provide an example that would demonstrate knowledge of human anatomy.
List five characteristics of an air mass.
Which of the following investing strategies primarily focuses on finding undervalued stocks or assets in the market?
Describe the lifestyle of a typical farmer in the United States.
Name one European country.
What are the similarities between Hinduism and Buddhism?
Write a request letter to a professor requesting an extension in submitting an assignment.
How does one add a chart to a document?
Estimate the exact weight of a blue whale
Write a description for a website advertising business
Create a function that converts Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Create a list of three ways someone can reduce their carbon footprint.
Tell me one way technology has improved healthcare
Generate a machine learning algorithm that determines whether an object is a hot dog or not.
How many words are there in the sentence "He helps the needy every day"?
Given the username @Cleto55, generate a suitable password that contains 8 characters, at least one uppercase, one lowercase, one number, and one special symbol.
Name five oceanic islands in the South Pacific.
Generate a short story about an individual whose life takes an unexpected twist.
Evaluate the expression 4+2*3.
Compare and contrast empathy and sympathy.
Which of these two countries have higher population density, France or India?
Find an interesting quote about friendship
Name three techniques used in data mining.
Create a dialogue between a customer and a flight attendant for a plane ride
Name five plants that grow in rainforests.
Select the most suitable word to describe the following definition. "A large group of people, animals, or things that are all similar in another way"
Suggest some activities that can be done with a 3 year old child.
Explain the difference between homophones "there" and "their".
How would you solve the following programming problem:  Write a function called "isCapital" that takes a single character and returns a boolean value indicating if the character is a capital letter or not.
List 5 countries where Spanish is spoken.
Name five common types of pension funds
Name the five most versatile plants.
Design a 3d game level.
Find the two prime factors of 24.
Describe the difference between a monopoly and an oligopoly
Create a scenario where AI helps the user to save money.
Suggest a few topics for creating a story.
Describe the purpose of DNS (Domain Name System).
Make a realistic scene using 3D objects.
Describe the stages of plant growth.
Write a description of an example organization that embodies sustainable practices.
Describe the influence of Alice Walker's work on literature.
Develop an event planning checklist.
Generate a list of questions for T-shirt buyers
Construct a flow chart to explain the different steps in setting up a home network.
Generate a rap song whose title is "Reach for the Sky".
Categorize the following list of items: apple, banana, cow, airplane
List two benefits of using artificial intelligence (AI) in the healthcare industry.
Name a job where creativity is essential
Create an algorithm to determine the most efficient utilization of a virtual assistant
Create a system for organizing digital documents.
Generate a list of 10 countries whose flags contain the color red.
Design an algorithm for sorting a list of integers.
How would you create a successful ad campaign?
Create a data structure for storing the scores of a high score list.
Can you make a word cloud out of these three words: art, beauty, and imagination?
Suggest two examples of unfair tests that might be used in the classroom.
Provide an example of a unethical promotional tactic.
Identify the mood in the following text: "The rain pounded against the windows and the wind howled outside."
Convert 4.33 x 10 to scientific notation.
Suggest a creative name for a new clothing line.
What is the taxonomy of a human?
Provide a creative solution for reducing the greenhouse effect
Describe the concept of attention mechanisms.
Describe the importance of customer segmentation.
Construct an accurate timeline of the 2020 presidential election.
Summarize the article "How AI is Changing the Way We do Business"
Generate a hypothetical example of how people might use VR technology in 20 years.
Summarize the rules and regulations of a hypothetical store.
Rewrite this sentence so it’s less verbose: “The supervisor was incapable of overseeing the entire project, so she was relieved of her duties”
Suggest a suitable alternative to the phrase "make haste".
Explain how cultural norms vary among societies.
Describe how artificial intelligence is used to improve customer service.
Write a persuasive essay defending President Eisenhower's policy of expansive civil rights
Create a scientific explanation for why a vaccine is important.
Create a short poem about a storm at sea.
Explain the concept of concurrency control in databases.
Describe the function of a central processing unit (CPU).
Create a computer program to list the first 10 prime numbers.
Describe what type of visualizations might be produced from sales data.
Create an example that demonstrates the use of an idiom.
Give an example of a living organism that uses camouflage.
Write a story about a woman who receives an unexpected visit from her grandmother.
Describe the purpose of Subnet masks.
Create an appropriate dialogue for a conversation between a customer and a store clerk about buying a new phone.
Compile a list of 5 online programming languages for kids.
Cite the University name and mascot for the following college: University of Michigan
Explain why an organization might use open source software
Name three characteristics of a good website design.
Design a virtual assistant based on your needs.
Name three Asian cities with iconic skylines.
Create a YES/NO question from the following statement: "The Moon is larger than the Sun."
Suggest some actions that can be taken to protect the environment.
Generate 5 different names for a bar.
Explain in simple terms the concept of artificial intelligence.
Generate a paragraph describing a summer day in the park
Identify the color of a banana.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more formal: She had so much fun.
Describe the elements that make a good story.
Divide 871 by 8.
Describe the working of a spin-off company to a 4th grader.
Rewrite the sentence using the passive voice:  "The dogs chased the cat."
Group the following countries into continents: Australia, Brazil, India, Mexico
Invent a new sport
Create a rhymning couplet about fear.
Editing a manuscript requires which of the following?
Explain why one should save money.
Provide a list of measures that could help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the pros and cons of having a pet.
Name two famous rivers in the United Kingdom
List some characteristics of the Hindu religion.
Generate a Sudoku puzzle with one solution.
How can I remove the smell of paint from my house?
Create a formula to calculate the area of a square.
List the steps needed to use a graphing calculator
Suggest an AI research topic.
Convert 8 pounds to kilograms.
Convert 3 kg to grams
Name 5 songs that express positive emotions
Create a flow chart to illustrate the process for filing taxes.
Convert 90 km/h to miles/hr
List five benefits of a vegetarian diet.
Write a function to calculate the area of a triangle given the lengths of its sides.
Name 10 professions and explain how deep learning can be beneficial to them
Write a function to design a chessboard.
Come up with a pick-up line.
Create a taxonomy of all text genres.
Compare and contrast two techniques to manage stress.
Describe 5 advantages of cloud computing.
Give two examples of how Artificial Intelligence is used in the healthcare industry.
List all the prime numbers from 15 to 25.
Come up with a rule that will classify the input of x > 4 and x < 6 as true.
Generate a story about a princess on a quest for a magical object.
Give an example of the sign the sign of a zodiac that belongs to the fire element.
Outline the key differences between the Linux and Windows operating systems.
How did going to the grocery store help Little Red Riding Hood?
Generate a life tip
Describe a method for improving writing skills.
How can agility help businesses become faster and more proficient?
Create a funny storytelling tweet in less than 280 characters
Identify the most valuable cryptocurrency on the market.
Find a recipe for a vegan chocolate cake
Generate a thesis statement on the impact of technology in education.
Generate a view of the city you are living in.
Create a recipe for one-ingredient dill pickles.
Can you explain the rules of chess?
Describe a problem solving approach for reducing water pollution in a large city.
Compile a list of five popular news websites
Provide a list of benefits that social media provides.
Develop a script that prints out the Fibonacci sequence.
Summarize the socioeconomic impacts of modern technology.
Rewrite this sentence so that it has a more dramatic emphasis: 'She was walking along the street'.
Generate a short story set near a beach.
Generate a 10-item list of ways to save money.
Create a function to check if a given string contains any capital letters.
Divide 856 by 12.
Choose five colleges that are well known in your country.
Translate “C’est formidable” into English.
Suggest a way to reduce the amount of plastics entering the ocean
Explain why some people like to watch horror movies.
Write a function in Python to reverse a string.
Explain why natural selection favors the survival of certain genes
Give an example of an Internet of Things (IoT) device
Describe the flavor profile (sweetness, tartness, etc.) of a banana.
Name three popular plant-based substitutes for animal products.
Write a 500 word report summarizing the article: "The Impact of Brexit on the United Kingdom".
Describe the fundamental principles of App Design.
Describe an effective plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Rewrite the sentence: If you have any inquiries, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Suggest a way to encourage people to save money
Create a message that conveys encouragement to someone.
Compare and contrast HTML and CSS
List three of the most influential leaders of the 20th century.
Construct a sentence using the past perfect verb form of the verb "to make".
Create a fictional character using the Hero's Journey archetype.
Write a story using the following elements: a thought-provoking question, an exotic location, a helpful character
Generate a unique adjective-noun combination to describe a person.
Name a popular sci-fi movie.
List three methods to calculate the sum of the elements of an array.
Suggest a book that can help people learn a new hobby.
Explain the differences between a variable and a constant.
List five vegetables that are orange in color.
What is the best way to approach a difficult problem?
List five benefits of using renewable energy sources.
Generate a random U.S. zip code.
Write a sentence to describe the beauty of nature.
Come up with three possible job titles related to healthcare
Describe a possible use case of Natural Language Generation in corporate communications
Tell me the procedure for dialling an international number
List the names of four social media platforms.
Find the area and the perimeter of a rectangle with length 6cm and width 4cm.
Can you talk about a benefit of remote work?
Brainstorm a list of tips for taking great photos.
Create a list of activities that are related to sports.
Rewrite this sentence without changing the meaning: “I worked hard assembling the furniture.”
Create a metaphor for the struggle associated with writing a book.
Paraphrase the sentence: "The school requires students to attend classes five days a week"
Name five countries where Spanish is the official language.
What is the title of the 23rd episode of the thirteenth season of The Simpsons?
Find a synonym for “aberration”.
Generate a function to search for an element in a list.
Design an app interface for a book recommendation system.
Develop a SQL query to find the average order value across different countries.
Suggest ways to reuse old items.
Explain the concept of random forest.
Find the smallest number that is divisible by 3,5 and 7.
Create a sentence that illustrates parallel structure.
What are the differences between HTML and CSS?
Structure a response to introduce yourself at a networking event.
Generate a tweet about the benefits of reading for children.
How does the fishing industry affect the environment?
What should the student do to prepare for an upcoming exam?
Explain why it is important to understand biases in machine learning models.
Create a list of items needed if a family has a pet dog.
Explain why whales migrate.
Create a 2-line haiku poem on the topic of hope.
Design an AI assistant that could help a student in various academic tasks.
Generate a creative writing prompt.
Generate a list of possible restaurants for a romantic night out.
List all the the countries in Africa.
Describe the importance of soft skills in working environment.
Generate a list of five resources a student might use to research a paper on renewable energy sources.
Generate the title and synopsis of a sci-fi movie.
Rewrite the sentence without changing its meaning: She was the tidiest woman I have ever met.
Name a few members of the LGBTQ+ community
Describe the importance of self-defense in martial arts.
List the seven colours of the rainbow.
Create a tweet about workplace inclusivity.
Categorize the following sentence: "The wind blew her worries away".
Identify an example of alliteration in this sentence: "The capping camouflage caterpillar crawled forward carefully."
Identify three steps you can take to be more efficient with your time.
Generate a catchy, five-word phrase that can be used as a tagline for a burger chain
Brainstorm a brand name and slogan for a pet supplies store.
Write a poetical stanza about a summer day.
Explain Amazon’s Three-Tier System.
Design a program for recognizing facial expressions.
Create a detailed description of a restaurant, including its atmosphere and a description of the food it serves.
Give me a poetic sentence.
Write a detailed introduction to the subject of machine learning.
Generate an original fairy tale.
Describe the principle of the Law of Supply.
Create a 5-sentence blog post about the benefits of using electric cars.
Come up with a task that requires the assistant to generate new text.
Who is the current Prime Minister of India?
Make a list of five activities people can do to reduce their carbon footprint.
Rewrite the following sentence in a more concise way:  He did not respond to my message, which was very strange.
Classify the following items as either metal or nonmetal: oxygen, aluminum, sulfur, sodium.
Come up with an experiment to test the impact of a new product.
Explain the purpose of CNNs in computer vision.
Give an example of a challenge and the corresponding solution.
Generate a statement of purpose focused on computer engineering.
Come up with a creative question for an art contest.
Describe what sustainable agriculture is.
Suggest a solution for dealing with a computer virus.
Name 5 emerging technologies that have been adopted in the education industry.
Create a metaphor that illustrates grief.
Answer the following true or false question. Puppies usually have 42 teeth.
Find an example of an organization working to provide aid to refugees.
Create a sentence with specific syntactic structure "Adj Noun likes Ving".
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:  He was not able to understand the intricate details of the problem, so he decided to call for assistance.
Describe the impact of social media on our daily lives.
Describe in detail the consequences of overcrowding in cities.
Write a blog post about AI and its potential applications.
Generate an email subject line related to software engineering.
Create a form with 10 fields that can be used to collect a customer's order information.
Generate a story of two people who are childhood friends.
What types of data can be collected by businesses to improve their operations?
Create a dictionary of chemical elements and their symbols.
Summarize the main themes in Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451
Generate a set of instructions for taking a photo with a smartphone.
Write a marketing email to encourage more people to buy a particular product
Give the name and a brief description of a type of user interface.
Propose two strategies a company can use to reduce their carbon footprint
Summarize the following article in less than 50 words:  "The new composting program launched by the city has been proven to be successful. Surveys report that interest in composting has increased, leading to increased compost collection from residents. The collected compost is then used by the city in their parks and gardens."
Generate a list of 5 skills that a data scientist should have.
Describe an attribute of a leader
Come up with a creative name for a website that sells eco-friendly products.
What is the original title of the 1977 movie Star Wars?
Identify the correct example of a noun.
Compare and contrast the methods of machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Give an example of a single replacement reaction.
What is the best way to maximize productivity when working remotely?
Determine what the average monthly salary of an Attorney in the United States is.
Summarize the social and economic impacts of the Industrial Revolution.
List the 12 planets of the Solar System
What new processes could a company introduce to reduce their carbon footprint?
Explain how to-do lists can help increase productivity.
Brainstorm a creative idea for a team-building exercise.
Name five things that a company needs to consider while creating an online advertisement.
What is the most natural satellite of Earth?
Given the following python function, what is the result of calling it with the following argument: count_words('Loving living life')
Name three important figures in the history of the U.S.
Write pseudocode to take input from a user and store it in a list.
What are the consequences of spending too much time online?
List at least three of the top-rated airports in the US.
Re-write the following sentence using the subjunctive mood: "I wish he studied more."
Paraphrase the following sentence: "I bought a new car last week".
Rearrange the following words to form a meaningful sentence: "to orange the eat like I".
Develop a database schema for a library system.
Name 3 data structures used in programming
Prove that 1+2+3+4+5 is equal to 15.
Generate a sentence of poignant and graceful prose.
Compare apples to oranges.
Generate an essay about mental illness.
Explain the human impact on climate change
Give three tips for organizing effective meetings.
Explain the concept of ‘gravitational lensing’.
Explain the consequences of sleep deprivation on physical and mental health.
Describe the steps for changing a tire.
Design a pair of sneakers.
Create a list of 5 trends in AI development.
Give me two unique adjectives to describe a house.
Create a list of five different uses for artificial intelligence.
Write an essay on why outdoor activities are beneficial.
Create an equation that uses the Pythagorean Theorem.
Write a classified advertisement
Find five top-rated restaurants in New York City.
Create a debate about the potential benefits and drawbacks of artificial intelligence.
Create a dataset containing the number of hours of sleep for five people for each day of the week.
Generate a list of possible topics for a research paper on artificial intelligence.
Generate an email introducing yourself when applying to a job.
Describe the atmosphere at a beach on a sunny day.
Provide an overview of the key benefits of using a cloud computing platform.
Design a newsletter subscription page.
Create a Wikipedia article about deep learning.
Explain the working of a blockchain ledger.
Give an example of a situation where communication went wrong.
Summarize what you think is the importance of data science.
Identify and explain one benefit of cloud computing.
Give a historical event about the Ancient Greek.
Compare the risk factors for type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Divide the number 34 into three groups such that the quotient is the same in all groups.
Construct a query to list the titles of all books written by John Smith
Calculate the area of a trapezoid with sides of 5 and 6 and height of 8
Name three simple machines.
Generate a conversation between a teacher and student about a late assignment
Create a complex mathematical expression in notation.
Make up a story involving a fictional protagonist named Lydia
Describe a good leadership quality.
Convert the following sentence into a complete sentence using the active voice: The flower was watered by Mary
Explain the difference between the Southern and Northern Lights.
Create an OpEd on the topic of digital rights.
Provide an example of a use case for a voice controlled digital assistant.
Create a joke about mathematics.
Change this sentence without removing any words: "He will never learn"
Generate a list of topics for a research-based article about the impact of technology on the environment.
Provide four examples of data visualizations.
Generate 20 words related to the word "cat".
Generate a screenplay exchange in a romantic comedy
Formulate a plan to reduce carbon emissions by 50% in the next 5 years.
Write a query to return all rows from a MySQL table named "Items" where the column "category" is "clothing" and the column "color" is either "red" or "white".
Write a script of a stand-up comedic monologue on the topic of parenthood
Help this user understand what is the importance of backlinks.
Generate a strategy to promote an online store.
Create a marketing slogan for a company that sells air fresheners.
Write an algorithm that determines the maximum number of elements in a given array.
Generate a script in Python that takes two integers and prints the sum of these numbers.
Give a creative title for an article about the use of AI in travel.
What is the currency of Portugal?
What is a challenge that people are facing today due to climate change?
Select five healthy snack ideas.
Generate a story about a forest ranger exploring an uncharted area.
Explain why a good night's sleep is important.
Design a mobile game that teaches children about endangered animals.
Write a customer review for a car wash service.
Construct a C program that prints the first 10 terms of the Fibonacci sequence.
How will AI affect the medical industry in the next 10 years?
What advice  would you give to a child just starting school?
Explain how waves move.
Complete the following sentence with a proper verb: The teacher ____ the results of the exam.
Describe the economic system of the United States.
Describe a program in computer engineering.
Generate a list of countries and their respective flags.
Generate three different uses of a magnet.
Estimate the probability of winning the lottery.
Summarize the Turing Test.
Tell me how many female characters are there in the Game of Thrones?
Trace the evolution of computer technology.
Calculate how many hours are in 24 days.
Suggest a place for a romantic dinner
Create an analogy to describe a neural network.
Suggest a creative idea for a marketing campaign.
Find the rate at which a substance is diluted when 500 mL of a 0.3 M solution is added to 800 mL of a 0.1 M solution.
Compare and contrast the economic and environmental impacts of rail transportation versus road transportation.
Fetch a recipe for a healthy green smoothie.
Generate a title for an essay on immigration reform.
What is the best programming language for developing machine learning applications?
Describe a revenue model for a subscription-based service.
Explain the importance of networking for a job search.
What does it mean to be a 'digital native'?
Create a simulation scenario centered around the theme of online collaboration.
Generate a movie title that has 10-15 words.
Generate a creative story about a group traveling in a spaceship.
Please describe the life of humans in 2050?
Explain how artificial intelligence is impacting the aviation industry.
Describe a function of a mitochondrion.
Arrange the words in alphabetical order: birthday, mother, June.
List the pros and cons of using a laptop instead of traditional desktop computers.
Generate a sentence with two adjectives.
Name five typical components of a television
Write a tweet summarizing the research paper "The Impact of Climate Change on the Migration Patterns of Arctic Birds".
Write a description of a person's first job.
List two ways to reduce car emissions.
Explain the concept of centrifugal force.
Choose a color combination for the website design
Name a compound used in everyday products.
Convert the sentence from passive to active voice: "The student was given a laptop by his parents."
Develop a system that can detect cyberbullying.
Write a story about a nomad in a faraway land.
Which Nobel Prize was awarded to Nelson Mandela?
Give an example of a current event from the last month.
Summarize the article “What is an Algorithm?”
Explain the basic premise of evolution by natural selection.
Recall a memory from your childhood.
Suggest 5 healthy habits that teenagers should adopt.
Construct a question that would lead to a deep discussion.
Put the following in order: Science, Invention, Technology
Describe what a neural network is in three sentences.
Generate a recipe for a vegan breakfast muffin with the following ingredients: oat flour, almond milk, and blueberry.
Write a limerick about traveling in a hot air balloon.
Write an instruction for a game of Jeopardy using the following topics:  Astronomy, Math, and Geology.
Generate a list of 5 fruits that are high in vitamin C.
Create a new Twitter profile for a medical doctor.
Compose a story that follows the hero's journey.
Generate a C++ program to find the minimum and maximum value of a given array
Please find a conference on artificial intelligence.
Develop ideas for a new customer loyalty program
Create a story based around this opening line: “It was a dark and stormy night.”
List five possible applications of facial recognition technology.
Discuss the ethical implications of using advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems in business.
Construct a metaphor using the phrase "dinner table".
Create two additional questions for a customer satisfaction survey
Calculate the total number of students in an auditorium with 65 chairs.
Outline the steps to creating a successful online store.
Propose an idea for a self-driving car.
Give me some ways to solve traffic congestion.
Give an example of a type of data that is qualitative.
Reorganize the following sentence to emphasize the main point: 'Technology has improved our lives dramatically'.
Construct a dialogue between two people discussing the importance of being kind.
Explain potential consequences of piracy on the entertainment industry.
Explain two differences between the HTTP GET and POST methods
Give a short overview of the DREAM act.
What is the chemical name for common table salt?
Describe the steps to make a strawberry smoothie
Brainstorm two innovative ways of using AI for agriculture.
What other climate change impacts should the government consider?
Select a type of dinosaur.
How will you use a for loop in C++?
Generate an acronym to represent the following concept: “The process of using deep learning algorithms to classify and differentiate between data points in a given dataset.”
Find the meaning of the term 'artificial intelligence'
Describe three ways to use Instagram to build a lifestyle brand
Describe the first web page you visited today.
Describe the best way to protect and preserve the environment.
Write a Python code to print the phrase “Hello World”
Describe the characteristic taste of black coffee.
What are the raw materials used to make a soft drink?
Generate an example of a person whose ambition is to become a successful entrepreneur.
Describe the setting of "The Grapes of Wrath".
Write three possible solutions to reduce deforestation.
List three points of evidence to suggest that the cause of global warming is human activity.
Calculate the total sale price of 12 items if they are sold at $15 each
Name a place in the United States that is known for its snow.
Create a SQL query to get the total number of employees who joined the company before January 1, 2021.
Summarize the key points of Odysseus' journey from Troy to Ithaca.
Generate a headline by combining two cliche expressions.
Supply a phrase to complete this proverb: "It's better to be safe than ____."
How is an artificial neural network (ANN) related to a human brain?
Describe three significant events in World War I.
Create a list of common vocabulary words for a 5th grader.
Find the slope of the line between (-2,4) and (4,-4).
List four types of sports.
Output the sum of the following numbers: 2, 3, 5, 8
How do you write a for loop in Java?
Write a funny anecdote about baking a cake.
List two effects of deforestation.
Describe the conflict between Juliet and her parents
Classify this data "apple, orange, car, tree".
Describe how Louis felt when he saw the safe he had stolen.
Identify two contrasting elements.
Generate a list of four elements that shape a healthy diet.
Suggest two strategies to increase engagement among employees.
Name four commonly used programming languages.
Create an outline for a news report about climate change.
Name one type of food eaten in Mexico.
Generate a simile to introduce the topic of computer programming.
Name three classification algorithms.
Suggest a title for a self-help book about overcoming anxiety.
Add a variation in sound for this four-piece jazz band.
Explain why the moon looks different on different nights.
Please generate a title for a science fiction story
Summarize the movie "The Incredibles".
We have a meeting today at 10am. Set a reminder for 10 minutes before the meeting.
Describe a scenario where Machine learning can be used.
Write a story about a person who encounters aliens.
Describe the differences between an asynchronous and synchronous web application.
Evaluate how helping someone can make a difference in their life.
Identify the type of triangle defined by two angles of 30 degrees and two angles of 60 degrees.
Name the best-known web browser.
Generate a list of health benefits of playing football.
Compare and contrast active listening and regular listening.
Create a list of five must-visit places in your local area.
Name two benefits of AI in education.
Generate 5 questions related to this topic: Social Media Trends in 2020
Develop a recipe for chocolate chip pancakes.
Arrange the following words to make a meaningful sentence: molecule, proteins, attach, molecules.
What is the descriptive word for a person who is uncaring?
Identify the impact of global warming on sea levels.
Name three distinct items that are typically found in a kitchen
List 3 characteristics of an elephant.
Come up with 3 natural disasters that could occur in Utah.
Create an argument in favor of homeschooling.
Come up with an appropriate title for an article about the gender pay gap.
Outline the steps for roasting vegetables.
Create a job ad title titled "Data Analyst".
Describe the core features of a general-purpose programming language.
Explain why technological progress and economic development are closely linked
Add an ending to this story  Sara had been walking for what felt like hours. Finally, she found what she had been looking for.
Create a new product slogan
Please suggest two examples of animals that fly.
Generate an essay about the importance of physical education in schools.
What is the difference between sharia law and secular law?
Compare and contrast the properties of metals and nonmetals.
Name three winter sports.
Categorize this sentence: "I went to the store to buy eggs".
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: 'She a nice friend of mine'.
Generate a short speech about the importance of global cooperation in fighting climate change.
Design a program that teaches children basic coding principles.
Generate a short vacation story that takes place in a forest.
What does "prompting language models" refer to?
Find the rhyming word for "mouse".
Generate a neural network architecture for a binary visible object detector.
Generate a slogan for a healthy meal delivery service
Create a slogan for a fast food restaurant.
Brainstorm three activities that an AI system could do to help a user.
Generate a list of 5 exercises to improve focus and concentration.
Identify the country which Dr. No is based in.
Suppose you have to write a persuasive piece about getting rid of fossil fuels use. What 3 elements should you include in your argumentation?
List the factors which may lead to imbalance in nature.
Explain why plants need water.
Identify a sustainable energy option for a small town.
List the factors of 60
Help the assistant understand the stock market
How would you explain an eclipse?
What are the different ways of treating depression?
How do you lower your golf score?
Describe the total solar eclipse.
Describe a boat in 3 paragraphs.
Explain why conservation efforts are important.
Compose a tweet about democracy that creatively expresses the importance of each individual in the vote.
Provide a response to the question: What is the most popular programming language in the world?
Explain the concept of time complexity.
Compare the benefits and drawbacks of online learning.
Edit this sentence to make it more concise: "A computer stores and retrieves digital data."
Generate a plan for taking care of the environment
Describe the role of machine learning in automation
Make a 3D model of a double helix.
Make an argument supporting the preservation of endangered species.
Create an imaginary animal and describe its characteristics.
Identify 3 advantages of using machine learning in a business context.
Discuss the efforts of the United Nations to advance world peace.
Identify a risk to using cloud computing services
Explain the difference between a cell phone and a smartphone
Find the probability of drawing 2 cards from a shuffled deck, with one card being a king and the second card being a heart.
Consider the equation "2x + 3y = 8". What is the value of x and y?
Come up with three benefits of using a virtual assistant.
Write a twenty-word poem about hope.
Generate a feature engineering pipeline.
Rearrange the following words to make a grammatically correct sentence:  English my learn I
How can we increase the engagement rate of emails?
How does the greenhouse effect work?
Explain what is a DDoS attack.
Please describe the difference between micro and macro-evolution.
Develop a script to check if an input string contains an even number of vowels.
Describe the benefits of eating healthy foods.
Generate three pieces of advice for navigating a long-distance relationship.
Describe the purpose of job analysis
What is the converse of the statement: "I will pass the test
Describe the roles of the main characters in the play Romeo and Juliet.
Create a Sudoku puzzle for novice players.
Calculate 10% of 180
List 5 famous scientists of the Renaissance.
Compare and contrast the two philosophers Socrates and Aristotle.
Describe the color and texture of a new cotton shirt
Determine how much sugar is in one teaspoon of honey.
Create a movie title by combining two words that share a connection.
Write a simple dialogue between customer and shopkeeper
Create an animal analogy for the job of a lawyer.
Describe the role that blockchain technology plays in cryptocurrency transactions.
List three reasons why learning an additional language is beneficial
Rewrite the sentence to make it more succinct: The temperature of the air outside is colder than what it was yesterday.
Compose a rap about washing your hands.
Describe the properties of a triangle.
Generate five persuasive arguments for going vegan.
Choose a primary color to represent the brand personality of a clothing store.
Identify a strategy for improving customer service.
Write a sample URL for a blog post.
Provide a list of ten animals
Invent a funny story involving three animals
Identify 3 differences between data science and artificial intelligence.
Assign a rating of 1 to 5 stars to the following product: "iPhone 11 Pro".
Compose a 200-word article about the effects of global warming on extreme weather events.
Generate a list of the top ten most famous landmarks in the United States.
Provide two tips on how to improve decision-making skills.
Write a paragraph about the importance of goal setting.
List three possible scenes for an action movie.
Name 3 things that must be done to prevent cyber attacks.
Replace the phrase "upcuming event" with a phrase of similar meaning using synonyms
List five fruits with nutritional value.
Identify how this sentence could be improved:  "He is an amazing actor and actress."
Describe one of the steps of protein synthesis.
Please recommend me a movie.
Give a summary of the article "Covid-19 Vaccines: The Key to Reopening the Economy Safely".
Tell me who won the last World Cup?
Describe a horror movie about a haunted house in two sentences.
Summarize the main argument of the paper "A Social Network that Influences Attitudes and Behaviors"
You need to suggest a smartphone app that helps with budgeting.
How does Newton's second law of motion explain the relationship between force, mass, and acceleration?
Generate appropriate questions for a customer survey about their experience with a company
In what year was the American Declaration of Independence signed?
Describe the sound of a train passing by.
Are there any continents larger than Africa?
What time is it in the UTC timezone?
How can digital wallets be used to improve financial inclusion?
Think of a list of 5 animals starting with the letter  'K'.
Describe the character Cinderella in 5 sentences.
Classify the following sentence as "Fact" or "Opinion": People who do not exercise regularly are at greater risk of developing chronic health conditions.
Answer this math question: What is the value of 3 to the power of 5?
What is the significance of the First Amendment in the US Constitution?
Describe the 4 stages of mitosis.
Create a recipe titled "Chocolate Chip Cookies".
Generate a list of 10 items for a survival kit
List three ways in which technology has transformed the field of education.
What is the best way to build trust in customer relationships?
Write a 3-5 sentence story in present tense.
Name two obstacles to successful communication
Approximate the fraction 3/5
Can you give me three reasons why forests are important?
Calculate the total number of hours from 10am yesterday to 8pm today.
How is a neural network trained?
Provide five examples of stress reduction techniques.
Rewrite the sentence "Tom studied hard for the test." in passive voice.
How many liters of water make up 1 cubic meter?
Generate a new story about a planet that is home to two species.
Explain why the French revolution was significant.
Come up with a quote related to teamwork.
Design a user interface that allows customers to pay for a subscription to a stream service.
Explain why it is important to have an emergency plan.
Brainstorm a list of ideas to reduce global warming.
What is the most effective way to monetize a website?
Generate a new solution to address the global climate crisis.
Create a simple face recognition program.
Give an example of a proverb about friendship.
Please summarize the moral of the folktale "The Tortoise and the Hare".
List 5 different kinds of persuasive writing techniques.
Propose the equation for the general solution to the quadratic equation.
Name three varieties of fruit.
Name two national parks in the USA
Write a sentence using the future perfect tense.
Describe the US Constitution.
State one of the qualifications for being president of the United States.
Name a software program you can use to create a budget.
How does an animal's diet affect its behavior?
Construct an argument for why everyone should vote.
What was the first Facebook feature?
Suggest an effective way to use technology to make business meetings more efficient.
Write three sentences about a pet dog.
Transcribe the following sounds:
Compare the cost of a flight from Los Angeles to London in July with the cost of one in August.
Generate a list of the five oldest places in the US.
Imagine you are writing a script for a movie. Describe the house of the main character.
Generate some examples of irony.
Find the most popular recipe for apple crumble.
Describe the structure of DNA molecules.
Give me an example of a conflict resolution technique.
Check if the following statement is true or false: "Artificial intelligence is able to think for itself".
Create a tip to help someone learn a new skill faster.
How can a customer show appreciation to customer service staff
Describe the behavior of a dog when it is about to attack.
Turn the phrase "a successful school" into a question.
Explain the importance of HTML to website design.
Define an autoencoder in one sentence.
State the purpose of an API.
Provide a list of topics related to renewable energy.
Write a tribute of 50 words or less for a recently deceased relative.
Come up with a funny animal meme.
Outline a strategy for increasing website traffic.
How does Newton’s second law of motion describe force?
Write a CSS selector to apply a style to all the list items with the class "highlight"
Provide three facts about Poland.
Generate a list of 10 books that someone who likes historical fiction should read.
Generate a function for calculating the mean of a list.
Create a protection plan to safeguard a user's sensitive data
Generate an appropriate username and password combination.
Explain the difference between a rights issue and a bonus issue
Construct a trivia game about famous athletes.
Categorize the following sentence: "She held the book tightly in her hands".
Identify the key trends in AI in 2019
Generate an opening dialogue for a conversation about rain.
Name three aquatic animals.
Convert this sentence from present to past tense:  He washes the car.
What is arithmetic mean and how to calculate it?
List five advantages of virtual reality.
Provide one example of an effective communication tactic.
Compose a metaphor that illustrates the complexity of relationships.
Reword the following sentence: "I am very happy."
Write a song about a person you love.
Give three examples of terms related to quantum mechanics
Calculate the amount of money in a bank account with an initial $100 deposit and an interest rate of 6%, compounded annually
Describe the potential impacts of climate change on the Arctic region.
Generate five different jokes about physics.
Summarize the story of the movie “The Shawshank Redemption”.
Generate a list of criteria to assess a research paper
Explain the concept of Big Data in layman terms.
Write a classification essay about pet animals.
List three strategies to reduce waste in the home.
Create a greeting message for your boss
Generate a list of five books you think would be good for teenagers.
Find a verb phrase that means "to take away power or authority"
Create a pair of short English sentences that contain four word pairs that have similar unknown meanings.
Choose the correctly punctuated sentence:
Generate a sentence that uses an idiomatic expression.
Using 10 words or less, explain what a blockchain is.
Generate a two-sentence description of the process of designing a website
Generate two ways to classify the following objects: paper, pencil, eraser, ruler.
Describe a marketing strategy for a new ice cream flavor?
Write a tweet about Amazon's Prime Day.
Compute the greatest common divisor of the numbers 24 and 18
Name a few graphic design software products.
Name 5 features that are important in a gaming laptop.
Provide an example of a proverb that has to do with money.
Describe three qualities of good customer service.
Explain why trees are important in our environment.
Generate a title for a recipe for a carrot cake.
Describe the purpose of usability testing.
How many kilograms are in 4.5 tons?
Describe a recent scientific discovery.
Describe the primary role of contact tracing in limiting the spread of disease.
Explain why an effective tax policy is important.
Paraphrase the following sentence: "The evidence points to the fact that climate change is happening fast."
Which type of star has the highest temperature?
Edit this sentence: "Name your all time favorite classic movie."
Describe the functions of the Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Compare and contrast the differences between the United States and Japan.
Suggest a way to make physical activity a part of your daily routine.
What are the steps to weeding a garden?
Give me three facts about black holes.
Create a list of qualities needed to be successful in the customer service industry.
Write a jingle for a toy
Explain why the Pacific Northwest is prone to earthquakes?
Describe the concept of an Autoencoder.
Generate a science fiction story of 500 words with the following prompt: A computer virus is released that allows people to travel through time
Identify a way in which technology has changed society.
Identify the main elements of setting in a story
Tell me a type of monetary unit from Japan.
Create a resume objective statement for a person seeking a position as a software engineer.
What is the most ambitious project you’ve ever undertaken?
What type of renewable energy sources are commonly used worldwide?
Describe what DNA is.
Construct a valid regular expression to match any string ending with ‘@mysite.com'.
Edit the following sentence to make it sound more formal: "It was an amazing experience".
Generate a scenario where a customer and service provider might interact.
Generate a list of the three most popular programming languages.
What is the statement of the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic?
Write an email to your supervisor requesting a day off work.
How did the invention of the telegraph speed up communication?
Generate a list of songs that could be played at a party.
Add the two numbers 12.5 and 3.2
Reorder the following words to make a sentence:  the, house, is, white
Generate a comment on a science article.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  The experiment demonstrated that the bacteria survived in higher temperatures.
Discuss the implications of using AI in healthcare
Generate a creative way to use up overripe bananas.
Create a script for sales calls.
Make a housing recommendation for a person with a budget of $ 1500 per month.
Rewrite this sentence without using the verb "had": "I had been waiting for one hour."
Identify the main differences between machine learning, deep learning and data mining.
Detect the sentiment of the sentence: "Using this product is a great experience."
Answer the following question: What is the maximum speed limit in Arkansas?
Create a shopping list for a 4-person birthday party.
Create a poem about friendship using the words "smiles" and "inspiration".
Write a metaphor to explain the feeling of being stuck.
Generate a list of flowers that begin with the letter 'a'.
How many degrees are in a polygon with 10 sides?
Make a list of five pieces of evidence to prove that global warming is real
Identify the common theme between the following words:  Lemon, Orange, Apple
Give me 5 persuasive arguments for banning plastic straws.
Write a function to compute Fibonacci numbers
Name three government-funded initiatives that promote conservation of natural resources.
Name three common ocean animals
Write a haiku that describes rain.
Sort American states by population.
Compare and contrast the features of a GPT model and a recurrent neural network.
Give an example of a real-world problem that can be solved using supervised learning.
Who is an example of a modern day leader?
Compose a graduation speech congratulating the students.
Is the following statement true or false? "The Earth is the only planet in our solar system with an atmosphere."
Give several examples of ethical considerations related to Artificial Intelligence.
Identify the central character in The Great Gatsby.
Provide directions from the National Mall to the National Zoo.
What type of knowledge is necessary to become a successful entrepreneur?
What would be the best type of exercise for a person who has arthritis?
Explain the intricacies of a Turing Test.
Create a css code to make the text "BigText" bold.
Give me a list of five use cases of natural language processing.
Make a web page with doctype, html tags, head and body tags
Name 5 popular musical instruments.
Give the input and output required to complete the instruction: Generate a description of a sunset
Name a popular symphony written by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Design a program to track student attendance.
Create a script that displays a welcome message to a user.
Find and define a scientific term related to climate change.
Come up with a rhymable phrase for "space race".
Give an example of an equation that could be used to solve a system of linear equations
What is a mechanical clock?
Create an SQL query to find the vendors with the highest ratings.
Create an algorithm to determine if an integer is palindrome or not.
Propose an idea for a story about an unexpected journey.
Write a story about a monster living in a dark cave.
Find 3 articles discussing the latest trends in artificial intelligence.
What is the importance of research in the field of science?
Generate a product description for an electric scooter.
Brainstorm a list of ways that technology has benefitted the medical field.
Construct a data structure that stores the following information: A student's name, grade level and contact information.
Suppose that an employer asks for three years of working experience for an advertised job. Explain why the requirement is reasonable.
Complete the following analogy: 'loving as patient as ____.'
Generate a list of five questions to ask someone interested in becoming a doctor.
Generate a sentence using the words "whale", "ocean", and "ship".
What are the two factors that would affect the friction between two surfaces?
Generate a cool hipster username for a young woman.
List three education benefits of studying a foreign language.
Give an example of a proverb that begins with the word "Time"
Find 3 websites that discuss the best practices for programming with Python.
Generate a list of 5 items needed to create your own website.
Describe the characteristics of the star and flag rating system.
Research about the history of the city of Tokyo and generate a summary of key facts.
Generate an analogy that compares two related concepts.
Construct a logic chain.
Name three reasons why people join clubs
Describe the reproduction cycle of an earthworm.
Arrange the following numbers in ascending order: 11, 9, 5, 1, 17
What are some examples of applications of natural language processing?
Which of the following is the most efficient sorting algorithm?
Given the phrase “Please walk the dog”, tell what the speaker wants the other person to do.
Translate "Je suis fatigué" into English.
Summarize how global warming affects the planet.
Generate a pleasant greeting for someone.
List three reasons why it is important to be organized.
Provide an example of artificial general intelligence.
Report the temperature of the following city - Dallas.
Describe a situation in which you would use the word “enigma”
Describe a traditional German meal.
Describe the artwork "The Starry Night" using adjectives
Create a new name for a school mascot based on the lion.
Identify the elements of a crime
Discuss a disadvantage of using artificial intelligence in the medical field.
Describe the impact of the recent economic shutdown.
Provide an example of a past participle verb.
Explain the concept of Interrupt Vector Tables in computer operating systems.
Create a recipe to make your own bread.
Name a popular diet.
Explain how to make homemade guacamole.
Estimate the cost of a plane ticket from London to Tokyo.
Pick a random animal and generate a realistic description on its body features.
Name three prominent innovators in the tech industry.
Come up with the nearest Spanish equivalent for "How are you?".
Write a tweet to share the benefits of using a specific brand of hair products.
Suggest one possible application of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Describe a situation where using a mobile device is inappropriate.
Generate lyrics about love in rap style.
Explain the concept of linear programming.
What would be the best strategy for marketing a new product?
Name a movie that was released in the '90s
Given a sentence, punctuate it correctly.   We shall overcome
List five ways to make a positive impact on the environment.
Brainstorm 5 ways a company can reduce their losses.
Describe the differences between type I and type II errors.
Summarize the pros and cons of solar energy
Create an original sentence in the past tense.
Give me a list of healthy snacks that I can eat
Generate a creative product description for an essential oil diffuser.
Find out who the president of the United States is.
Generate an argument for or against the use of robots in the workplace
Write an equation to calculate the diameter of a circle given its circumference.
Describe two different techniques for debugging a computer program.
Create a haiku poem about walking on the beach.
Suggest three unique words to describe a waterfall
Identify the five most popular languages in North America.
Classify the following animals according to the type of organism they belong to: elephant, rabbit, snake.
Outline the differences between a tree and a bush.
Given the following cartoon, describe what the caricature implies.
Generate a sentence that expresses your opinion on a given topic.
List three ways to optimize your website for search engines.
Design an organization chart for a restaurant.
Write a SQL query to find the total number of books in the library.
Explain a quantum force.
Explain how data can be collected.
Tell an interesting historical fact.
Compare and contrast a research paper and a review paper on the same topic.
Describe the structure of an atom.
Identify the primary components of a fax machine.
Suggest ways to reduce carbon emission
Create a couplet about the joy of being together
Design a minimalistic logo for a travel site
Which type of precipitation is the most common in South Africa?
Pick the best analogy for learning.
Propose a personal budget for a family of three with a budget of $3000 per month.
Write about a person's day at the beach
Give an example of a use case for using a GPT language model.
Generate a list of 5 interesting topics to discuss during a 30-minute meeting
Compare the structure of a plant and animal cell
Who are the current members of the United Nations Security Council?
Create an analogy to describe an AI assistant.
Generate a creative title for a paper about the ethical implications of using artificial intelligence for criminal justice.
Write pseudocode for a function to calculate the mean of three numbers.
Tell me a story that deals with putting the environment first.
Name a song that is about overcoming hardships
Describe a space station in one sentence.
Why is physical exercise important for maintaining mental health?
Generate an imperative sentence with a goal of promoting recycling.
Explain the benefits of using blockchain for online voting
Create a function to check whether two strings are anagrams.
Refute the following claim: Fruits are not healthy snacks.
Generate three quotes related to technology.
Given the topic ‘how to make an origami lotus flower’, write a question that can be posed to the assistant.
Construct a complex sentence using the words “shimmer”, “keepsake”, and “breadth”
How would you motivate a colleague to meet their deadline?
Generate a story starting with the sentence "Once upon a time, there was a voiceless bird."
Develop a list of five tips for writing a successful resume.
Describe the process for getting a driver's license in Canada.
Explain the idea of luck from an ethical point of view.
What is the most effective way to motivate myself to exercise?
Predict the future direction of the stock market.
Compile a list of potential actions for a virtual assistant.
Generate a text that expresses dissatisfaction with a situation.
Define the expression in the context of computing.
How does search engine optimization (SEO) help with digital marketing?
Generate a sentence that describes cats in a positive light.
What are some simple tips for backup and recovery of data?
Translate "My name is John" into French.
Generate a list of 5 activities you could do with a group of kids on a summer day.
Name the different elements of a story.
Compose a rap about basketball
List five good habits that everyone should practice
Explain why software engineers are in high demand.
Calculate the root-mean-square error and explain what it measures.
How to scan documents on your phone
Summarize the main idea in the passage:  "The election of Joe Biden as the 46th President of the United States marked a significant moment in American history. This monumental victory brought a sense of relief to a nation that has experienced immense turmoil and anxiety throughout the past few years. It also promised a restoration of diplomatic ties, racial justice, and a renewed commitment to diversity and inclusion that was severely lacking beforehand."
Create a sentence about a hypothetical scenario
Come up with three different ways to say hello in the French language.
Generate a list of items to take on a hiking trip.
Compare and contrast pros and cons of home ownership and renting.
How might poverty lead to homelessness?
Write a short story about a person's journey to learn a new language.
Describe the role of an AI researcher.
Choose one of the following topics and write a persuasive speech about it: Should taxes be lowered for everyone?
Create a customer service policy
How is data science different from general programming?
Describe a situation when understanding the meaning of context might be necessary to complete the task.
Identify two methods of preventing reinforcement learning that come with significant risks and disadvantages.
Provide three examples of technologies in artificial intelligence
Suggest a nutritious snack for kids.
Convert binary 1111000 to decimal.
Suggest some online marketing strategies
Describe the difference between the phrases “do no harm” and “do good”.
Explain the spelling rules for forming plurals with words ending with -y.
Generate a creative sentence describing the time of day 11 am.
Create an analogy of the human brain to explain its complexity.
Generate an HTML page that contains the text "Welcome to my page".
List the other elements that can appear in an atom.
What is the theme of the song ‘The Ride’ by David Allan Coe?
Explain why the probability of a fair coin landing on heads is 0.5
Give me a general overview of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
Suggest an argument for why a more diverse team may make better decisions.
Search online to find 3 interesting facts about milk.
Generate a list of ten numbers that is divisible by 3
Describe a scenario where someone could be accused of plagiarism.
Design a game where the player has to guess a secret number.
List two advantages of using GPT-3 models.
Give a detailed description of the most iconic landmark in your home country.
Construct a CSS flexbox class
Describe the most useful feature of Google Translate
Create a weather report in the current region.
Who are the representatives for the state of Illinois in the Senate?
Write a sentence for the idiom "taken aback".
Train a neural network to accurately classify different types of animals.
How does the phrase "Location, location, location" relate to real estate?
Come up with a tagline for a website about car parts
Summarize Thomas Edison's life in three sentences
Explain the purpose of a generator.
Name some institutions of higher education in the United States.
Describe the effect of globalization on the economic growth of developing countries.
Find the 3rd letter of the word "elephant".
Find three interesting facts about kiwi fruit.
Describe a time when you failed
Describe the benefits of exercising for physical and mental health.
Generate a band name that has a connection to the ocean
You need to describe a residential area.
Generate a three line rhyme using the word 'fire.'
Translate the phrase "a place of relaxation" into French
Generate a story about a night out with friends.
Create a metaphor to compare a heavy workload to an object.
Write a story about a family of birds that take a vacation to a lake.
Explain the principle of parallel computing.
Compare the benefits of a plant-based diet versus eating meat.
Write a tweet that promotes a local musician
Name three activities you can do at home during quarantine.
Explain how an artificial neuron works.
Generate an example of the application of data mining techniques in marketing.
Suggest the best way to combat procrastination.
Find a poem suitable as a wedding gift
Provide three steps for creating a budget.
Create a trigonometry problem.
Classify the following sentence as either a declarative sentence or an interrogative sentence.  How many stars are in the Milky Way?
Write a character analysis for the main character in the book you last read.
Design an experience for a customer portal.
Name 10 things that human beings can do that robots can't.
Write potential job opportunity titles for a professor of language studies.
Can you explain the scientific method?
Name one ozone-depleting substance.
Create a family budget for $5000/month.
Generate a phone number with the format (xxx)-xxx-xxxx
List five differences between photosynthesis and aerobic respiration.
Explain how using a journal can help someone stay organized.
Suppose that you are baking a cake. Describe the procedure to another person.
Compare and contrast the benefits of online education and traditional education.
Design a logo for a company in the food industry.
Identify two challenges in building a speech recognition system
Construct a sentence using only words that contain the letter ‘e’
Generate a high-level outline for a presentation on artificial intelligence.
Explain what is required to make a successful YouTube channel.
Pick one of the following words and provide a synonym: oblivious, quandary, contrived
Imagine a story set in an underwater world with robots as the main characters.
Give an example of urban slang.
Based on the following input, generate some ideas for a business offering online language teaching services.
Generate a story based on "The Cat in the Hat".
Write a web-scraping script to extract stock information.
Name the biggest ocean in the world.
Provide the title and URL of a news article that investigates the impacts of climate change in the UK.
I want to go on a vacation. Suggest a destination.
Design a system to detect cyber attacks.
Identify 3 books related to the topic of data science.
Evaluate the following sentence and identify at least 2 connections that could be made between the ideas: Learning a language can open up career opportunities.
Generate a sentence talking about the importance of the ocean
Name two animal species that live in the ocean.
Explain how intelligent agents use AI to solve problems.
Explain botnet in simple terms.
Construct a JSON to store these customer data:  Name: Kashi, Age: 27
Calculate the 5th power of 3.
Summarize the process of water cycle.
Name three techniques used in organizational problem solving.
Find the 7th term in the following sequence : 7, 12, 17, 22, ..
Describe a time when you received excellent customer service.
What is the structure of a book report?
Generate five books titles using one or more of these keywords: drama, adventure, mystery.
Describe what a typical day looks like for a student studying computer science.
Write an essay about what makes a good leader.
Translate the following sentence "C'est très difficile" into English.
Who wrote the play Romeo and Juliet?
Describe the end of the 19th century industrialization movement in the United States.
Evaluate the following statement: "Global warming is a serious problem."
List 5 characteristics of a Victorian novel.
Describe the role of the sun in the Earth's climate.
What were the main elements of the Hundred Days Reform of 1898?
Write a definition for the word "meander".
Describe a possible solution to the environmental issue of air pollution.
Create a program that prints the following pattern:
Suggest an action I should take to become more organized.
Determine which type of triangle has the longest perimeter.
What is the max speed the Airbus A380 can reach?
Classify the following sentence as an example of active or passive voice:   "The sun rose slowly in the east"
Compose a letter to a political figure expressing your opinion on a certain issue.
Can you name five endangered animals?
What is the average house price in San Francisco?
Come up with three ideas for an activity to do with family at home.
Select a book title for an adventure story.
Create an emotion-infused message that will motivate someone to take an immediate action.
Identify any potential security risks related to the use of internet-connected devices.
Identify one important skill needed to become a successful engineer.
Create a metaphor for fear. Output the metaphor.
Diagnose the issue with this computer: It turns on but won't display anything onscreen.
Generate three interview questions for a marketing role.
Create a tweet related to the topic of "beauty"
What is the least common multiple of 3, 4, and 7?
Explain to me the difference between a volcano and an earthquake.
Analyze this political cartoon and explain what it’s saying.
Describe a data structure that can be used to store information about a user's medical condition.
Create a code snippet to generate n-dimentional array.
What are the differences between dynamic and static web pages?
Create a compelling argument to support the importance of art in education.
Come up with some tips for choosing a hairstyle.
Desribe the different stages of an online shopping process.
Generate a list of 5 ideas for the title of a book
Generate an argument supporting animal testing in medical research.
Create a recipe for a healthy breakfast includig the ingredients and cooking directions.
Which day is the two hundred thirty second day of the year?
Give an example of a business opportunity that technology has created in the last 5 years
Compose an email to a potential client explaining the benefits of your service.
What is the marketing funnel?
Describe the setting of a bar at 6pm on a typical Wednesday night.
Generate a story about an alien who visits Earth
Convert the sentence “I should have done it” into a sentence expressing regret.
Identify the most innovative technology companies in the last 10 years.
Create a definition of 'machine learning'.
Name two cities in Canada
Compare and contrast the major characteristics of two web browsers - Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
Create a call-to-action for a website
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "When you talk with someone, it is important to remember to be respectful."
Can you produce a recipe for pizza dough?
Explain the concept of "fake news" in a short overview.
Generate a one-sentence description about the effect of temperature on the atmosphere.
Name the Spanish verbs used for essential everyday tasks
Describe the main characteristics of a baroque style of painting
Write a story about an astronaut who goes on a mission to the moon.
Offer 3 tips about productivity
Imagine you are a beautician. Create a beauty routine for a typical 30-year-old woman.
Name a social issue that is currently influencing the world
Create a list of 8 online stores where I can buy clothes.
How can machine learning be used to optimize the online shopping experience?
Name five fruits that start with the letter P.
Design a product review system for a website.
How was the American Revolution fought?
Explain the purpose and need for cleaning agents.
Create a character sketch of Luke Skywalker
Access the default browser settings on a computer.
Create a research question about AI ethics
Give an example of a time-saving device.
Give an example of how a non-profit organization can use a GPT model
Generate Python code to calculate the area of a triangle.
Create a poem which begins with the line "Life is like a flower".
Guess how many people in the US speak Spanish as a native language.
Search for information about the author George Orwell.
Generate a paragraph that discusses the concept of net neutrality.
Come up with a question that could spark a debate.
Write a short story about a 13-year-old who discovers the power of technology.
Suggest an appropriate gift to give a teacher.
List 5 popular podcast topics.
Explain the concept of 'code smell'.
Give an example of a common command used in SQL
Rewrite this English sentence into Spanish: The sun rises in the east
Design a logo for a company that specializes in custom cakes.
Generate a list of the five biggest lakes in the United States.
Suggest 3 methods to improve the customer experience on a website.
Analyze the sentiment of this sentence: I'm so excited for the weekend to start.
Give me an example of irony
Suppose a patient has a high fever. Outline the steps for treatment.
Predict what job will be the most in demand in 2030.
Describe a way in which blockchain technology could be used to improve government operations.
Explain the differences between a regular search engine and a semantic search engine.
Compare and contrast the differences between high-end and low-end cars.
Tell me about the recent developments in quantum computing.
Generate a article headline based on the following information:  The Chinese city of Chengdu is developing a revolutionary new transportation system.
Describe the causes of the financial crisis in 2008.
Identify two character traits of the protagonist of a horror movie.
Name a famous work of art.
Create a recipe for natural pest control for a garden.
What type of number is -625?
Name the three network layers of the OSI model
Suggest a powerful quote.
Create a product design document for a sunrise alarm clock.
How does physical activity influence mental health?
Describe the etymology of the word "democracy".
Create a menu for a healthy lunch
Generate a catchy and original title for a horror novel about a family cursed by a red-eyed creature.
Edit the following sentence to make it more formal: "I'm really busy today"
Generate a name of an innovative product
Generate a blog post about how technology is transforming the way people communicate
Categorize the words "whale," "dolphin," "shark," "clam," and "crab" according to their biological classification.
Imagine a bustling city and describe the scene
What advantages does a laptop have over a desktop computer?
Identify one disadvantage of artificial intelligence.
How would you describe the architecture of the Taj Mahal?
Translate the German sentence "Sie hat das gemacht." into English.
Summarize the advantages of renewable energy.
I need a creative name for my blog.
Which sport has the most fans in the world?
Identify the theme of Pablo Neruda's poem "If You Forget Me".
Generate a world-building element for a setting.
Explain the use of big data analysis in retail industry.
How does the concept of "sustainability" impact our environment?
Create a list of 10 items of essential things to pack for a camp
Classify the following statement as true or false:  "A healthy diet consists of only vegetables and fruit."
What is an example of overt racial discrimination?
Find the salary range for a position with job title "Marketing Associate".
Identify five common fruits
Construct a haiku poem using the following words: moon, river, and heart.
Compare a business to a machine.
Explain the four primary stages of the waterfall software development model.
List the planets of the Solar System in order from closest to the Sun to furthest.
Describe what AI ethical best practices should organizations consider?
Generate five different examples of a palindrome.
Compile a list of healthy lifestyle choices.
Classify the following sentence as either an imperative or declarative: "Be sure to double-check the calculations."
Generate a limerick poem about a lemur.
Explain why Einstein's relativity theory is important in modern physics.
Automatically generate a random PIN code
Describe three new methods of preventing cyberattacks
Connect three insights about customer satisfaction to explain why customer feedback is important.
Give a reason why robots should not be trusted to make decision in the home.
Create 3 product recommendations for a customer who wishes to buy a laptop with advanced gaming capabilities.
Write an email to your boss informing them about an upcoming appointment.
Find the tenth largest city in the world in terms of population.
How can we use machine learning to improve sports coaching?
Generate a list of nouns related to tennis.
I plan to book a table at a Chinese restaurant in the city on Saturday night. Write a few lines of text to support my decision.
Create an equation to calculate the force of an object.
Explain the concept of positve reinforcement.
How did the coronavirus pandemic affect global markets?
Find 3 verbs that can replace the word 'said'
How many continents are there on Earth?
Find the most significant event that happened in the year 2002.
Generate a resumé for a data scientist.
Name 3 professions that use computers for their everyday tasks.
Identify a cybersecurity risk that could affect an online store.
Explain the four main steps of organic chemistry.
Explain the concept of system recovery.
Suggest some healthy breakfast foods.
How do computers perform arithmetic operations?
Delete an unnecessary word from this sentence: "The cats and the dogs were racing running."
Make an Italian pasta dish.
Generate a list of 4 adjectives related to the outdoors.
Make a list of adjectives to describe a person who is honest.
Classify the following items as animals, plants, or neither: ant, mushroom, cracker.
List five microsteps that can be taken to reduce air pollution.
Give a definition for entropy.
Give an example of a compound sentence that uses subordination as a method of combining sentences.
Summarize the story of Hansel and Gretel.
Explain the concept of AI in a single sentence.
Translate “Ce qui a été appris est assez” into English.
Create an AI application that can play tic-tac-toe.
Brainstorm five different ways to improve the environment.
Find the average of 12 and 16.
Design a program that prints out the numbers from 1-10 with the following pattern.
Write a simple math equation to calculate 10% of 200.
generate a list of ten interesting things about a cat
Generate five sentence of text describing the benefits of meditation.
Develop a game which involves numbers
Generate a sentence in the present perfect tense.
Rank these court cases in order of importance: Marbury v. Madison, Brown v. Board of Education, Roe v. Wade.
Identify all the business risks associated with a company.
Produce a sentence using synonyms of the words "beautiful" and "joy".
Find a comprehensive list of grants available to students.
Describe a landform that is found in deserts.
List 3 reasons why people use chatbots
Explain the concept of quantum computing
Compare the properties of hydrogen and helium
Convert the following graphic into a text description.
Create a holiday greeting message in fewer than 25 words.
Write a short story summarizing the following events:  (events) An engineer discovers a new form of energy, but it requires a large amount of money to develop.
Create an example of alliteration.
Create an example of a budget for an individual who earns $3000 per month
Create a design for an illustration that represents the Fourth of July
After watching the movie Titanic, compose a reflective essay about the film.
Create a metaphor to express how exciting something can be.
Create a petition for a cause, including a compelling argument and a call to action.
Describe a summer day using sensory language.
If someone gives you an online gift card for $50, how could you use it?
Classify the following types of clouds: Cirrus, cumulus, and stratus.
Write a mental health tip.
Describe the location of the Titanic disaster.
Describe the significance of the 2022 FIFA World Cup in two sentences.
Name one type of sustainable development goal.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it stronger:  "I think I'm able to complete this project."
Give three reasons why someone should become a vegetarian.
Create a taxonomy tree for digital marketing that contains at least 10 subtopics.
What is gravity's role in the solar system?
List the three steps to achieve a goal.
Identify the components of a solar cell.
Describe a traditional wedding ceremony you attended
Come up with 3 potential innovation ideas for a running shoe company
Write two analogies that compare how two different professions achieve success.
Generate a list of five career options for a Data Scientist
Name two foods that are high in protein.
Write a few tips on how to effectively use time management.
What are the benefits of collaborating with others online?
Construct a sentence using the words 'anthem', 'democracy', and 'pride'.
What is the title of the longest novel ever written?
Explain the meaning of the idiom, "It ain't over till the fat lady sings
Describe the design trends for 2021.
What is a cryptocurrency wallet?
Demonstrate a practical use of a GPT model.
Come up with a new product idea for the company.
Name a technology that is used to detect phishing emails.
Compute the median of the following numbers: 8, 21, 10, 5, 9.
Write a creative blog post about the importance of physical exercise for one's mental health.
Write a sentence that uses the following words: concrete and foundation.
Find the opposite meaning of “arbitrary”
Write a short description about the biggest butterfly in the world
Form a sentence using a singular noun, verb, and adverb.
Explain why a goal setting plan is important.
Describe the benefits of virtual reality in healthcare
Identify the type of punctuation mark used in the following sentence: The weather is hot.
Name two types of primary sources.
Invent a new work for the color purple.
Generate a story about a family receiving a surprise gift.
Create a positive affirmation to motivate someone to work hard.
Brainstorm ways to reduce energy consumption in a home.
Construct a pun using the following words: Bird, boat, shore.
What are the countries that make up the G7?
Name three famous American presidents.
Find and describe a website that offers free online books.
In critical thinking, name a fallacy that could be used as an example for composition fallacy.
Describe a character from Harry Potter.
List some of the key features of the Periodic Table of Elements.
Write a statement of purpose for a job applicant.
Explain the concept of climate change.
Develop an Algorithm to calculate the Greatest Common Divisor of two numbers.
Explain why it is important to use a descriptive variable name in programming.
Name 3 advantages of using a GPT model for text generation.
Create a list of 10 adjectives describing Paris.
Explain what photographs evoke in you.
Submit a list of five different search engine optimization (SEO) techniques.
Generate a list of topics that you could use to write a blog post on cryptocurrencies.
Construct an analogy between a bird and a robot.
Provide instructions for brewing coffee.
Create a content outline for a course on evolution.
Identify the personification used in the sentence: Winter's icy breath curled the trees.
Provide two examples for a metaphor
Explain what is I/O in operating systems.
What is the SCUBA acronym and what does it stand for?
Name three famous figures who were contemporaries of Galileo Galilei.
Explain the difference between a personal computer and a server
Generate a joke involving cats.
Describe what Tesla Autopilot is.
Discuss the relationship between photosynthesis and respiration in plants.
Generate a new sentence that includes the following structure: "He/she must ____".
Describe the economic system of socialism in one sentence.
Translate this sentence into Spanish: "This flower is so beautiful."
Explain what wind power is.
Identify a unique solution to reduce single-use plastic waste.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: "The program was made available to the public in the year 2021"
Construct a poem that describes the beauty of a sunset.
Come up with three funny jokes for a stand-up comedy routine.
Name three famous auto makers.
Train a SVM model for the given dataset.
Write a short story about two turtles who were once enemies but become friends over time.
Generate a new short story for a children's book.
Find the cheapest route from Berlin to Madrid.
Describe the features of a digital wallet application.
Write a 500 word essay on the causes of poverty.
Create a program to implement the "bubble sort" algorithm.
Write a newsletter introducing a new online store.
Name four common types of software
What is the biggest challenge in teaching a language?
Present a plan to help reduce food waste
Construct a sentence that demonstrates hyperbole.
Create a haiku poem with three lines containing 5, 7, and 5 syllables respectively.
Create a SQL query to find the 5 most popular restaurants in a given city.
Generate a creative and imaginative description of a space alien
Identify the pattern of the following numbers: 3, 6, 9, 12
Design a type of drink that is energizing and has natural ingredients.
Identify the stressed syllable in the word "convincible".
List 3 breakfast foods that are healthy.
Write a blog post about the most popular tourist attractions in Tokyo
Create a hypothetical situation.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it a question: Aston Villa won the match
Describe the cultural impact of smartphones.
Think of an article headline in the sports section.
How can I conserve water at home?
Give me three locations in the UK where you would find a theme park.
Generate three different words associated with 'depression'.
List three techniques to motivate employees.
Write a description of a person walking in the park.
Make up a recipe for a vegan peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Generate a joke that centers around the topic of machines.
Explain what is AGI and its implications?
Identify an interesting fact about Saturn.
Generate a suitable apology for missing an appointment.
Explain what exponential growth means.
Give three tips on how to write effective emails.
Explain the concept of Mutual Exclusivity
Create 5 titles for a blog post about small businesses in the US.
Name four elements of an effective job description
Describe a calm in a storm in 15 words
Explain the importance of rest and recovery for sports performance.
Write a Javascript code that outputs 'Hello world'.
Name a fictional character from the Harry Potter series.
Develop a New Year's resolution that involves helping others.
Explain the hydrologic cycle
State 3 facts about monkeys
What are the similarities between an atom and a solar system?
Compose a speech outline about the negative health impacts of smoking.
Name the European country with the largest population.
Explain what are convolutional neural networks.
Write two sentences using the word "covetous".
Describe the features and benefits of a computerized decision support system
Determine the outcome of this scenario: A 10 year old is walking on a sidewalk when a youth on a scooter crosses the same sidewalk.
Compare and contrast industrial robots and collaborative robots.
In three words, describe the color orange.
What is the scientific name of the honey bee?
Generate a rate for a driver for a ride sharing app for $5.
Give me a funny pun about computer science.
Generate a short poem in haiku-style (3 lines of 5-7-5 syllables respectively).
What type of figurative language is used in the following sentence?  He was as hungry as a bear.
Describe the benefits of the Waterfall model for software development.
Write a limerick that involves the word 'skate'.
Name three countries with high levels of poverty.
Write a blog post discussing the importance of artificial intelligence in the field of medicine.
Write a description of the United States presidential election process.
Name the continents that are in North America.
Write a passage about a visit to a local park in your city.
Build an algorithm to detect plagiarism in a text.
Create a Word or PowerPoint document with 10 slides.
Give three reasons why people prefer a laptop to a desktop.
Distinguish between inference and prediction.
Explain why the following event is a major historical turning point: The invention of the printing press.
List five web frameworks.
State a fact about Pompeii.
What is the time now?
Describe the steps of an Linked List Insertion Operation
What are the steps to wash hands effectively?
List the three types of clouds and give an example of each.
Name three famous movie directors
Generate an essay on the problems caused by global warming
Explain the concept of zero-based budgeting.
Generate a 4-word poem about autumn.
Generate a list of five questions related to the topic of racial diversity
Compare and contrast an object-oriented programming language with a procedural programming language
Why does the sky look blue on a sunny day?
Generate three pieces of helpful advice for someone who is looking to transition to a different career
How does customer segmentation help a company to increase its profits?
Calculate the average of these three numbers: 1, 2, and 3
Create an array with numbers from 0 to 10.
Generate a password with 10 characters including upper and lower case letters and numbers.
Explain the importance of networking in the job market.
List and explain the steps for boiling an egg.
Design a circuit for controlling the brightness of a light bulb.
Create an if-else statement in Python.
Write a poem about nature in less than 40 words.
Calculate the speed of light in terms or Mach
List three reasons why people should shop at local stores instead of ordering online.
Give me a response in Japanese to the phrase: What is your name?
Calculate 8 minus 6 in the base two system.
Describe the concept of "social capital".
Brainstorm ways that technology has impacted our daily lives.
Summarize this paragraph in 10 words or less:  "Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is an automation technology that allows businesses to streamline and automate repeatable, manual business processes by replacing manual work with programmed bots. RPA bots can execute the same process each time they are triggered, providing reliable and accurate results"
Provide an example of a phrase without an auxiliary verb.
Describe a moral dilemma and explain how to choose the best solution.
Name the two methods of communication used in Conflict Resolution.
Suggest the best issue tracking system for a software development team of 10 members.
Calculate the circumference of a circle if its radius is 3 cm.
Suggest a title for a chapter in a textbook on artificial intelligence.
Change the sentence "It wasn't supposed to be like this" into a declarative sentence.
Which countries have the highest literacy rate in the world?
Find at least 3 famous quotes based on the keyword 'happiness'.
Identify the tense of the sentence: "He has broken the window".
Suggest a vegetarian dish for a dinner party.
Give me a creative way to celebrate a birthday.
Generate a menu of lunch ideas.
Compose an example of a haiku poem
Describe the history of the Statue of Liberty.
Provide three important software engineering principles.
Construct a neural network that predicts the probability of a customer buying a product.
Rewrite the following sentence into an interrogative sentence: "People are afraid of speaking in public."
How do animals adapt to their environment?
Create an acrostic poem about 'belief'.
Generate a creative and catchy slogan for a pet store.
Write a story about a person living in the future.
Generate a letter to a friend.
Describe an example of a special education teacher in a classroom.
Complete the sentence: "The light of the moon _____________."
Rewrite this phrase without using the word "like":  I am exactly like you.
Create a math equation that equals to 10.
Explain why computers are better than humans for playing chess.
Create a news headline: "Group of scientists discovers new species of frog"
Explain the concept of circadian rhythm.
What is the current exchange rate between US dollars and Euro?
Design a system for processing customers' orders.
Using only five words, describe a movie scene.
Explain the differences between scalar and vector quantities.
Write one example each of an "action" and an "effect" that could be taken in a game.
Create a plan for a budget-friendly Thanksgiving meal.
Find the sum of the following equation. 18X + 55Y = 90
Imagine the best resort you have ever been to.
List the top 5 tourist sites in Rome
Summarize the difference between renewable and non-renewable energy sources.
Develop a set of criteria for judging the quality of a health food.
Complete the following sentence: "If I could change one thing about the world, it would be......"
Describe the meaning of the following proverb: "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush."
Tell us about an example of a computer virus and how it works.
Create an acronym for the United Nations using five letters.
What is the maximum speed limit on a highway without a posted speed limit in the United States?
Explain how the Industrial Revolution changed the world.
Generate a recipe for baked mac and cheese.
What challenges do small businesses face when it comes to digital transformation?
Suggest a title for a memoir
Reverse the following phrase: "Queen of the world"
List 3 good examples of a balanced diet.
Compose 3 solution ideas to solve the problem of global warming.
Create an exercise routine
Generate a list of ten animal names.
Produce a set of instructions to model a distinct snowflake
Generate one sentence describing the relationship between poverty and access to education.
What are the 5 core values at Google?
Come up with a rap line about sneakers.
Convince your reader to vote for Joe Biden.
Generate a recipe for garlic Italian dressing.
Identify the physical states of water:
What type of expenses should be included on an income statement?
Write a short story featuring an enchanted sword.
Give an example of a project management tool.
Describe the characteristics of a successful entrepreneur.
Summarize the use case of a chatbot
Explain in a few sentences what the basics of deep learning are.
Compare and contrast the two religions, Christianity and Islam.
Explain how the concept of the multiverse might work in theoretical physics.
Develop a creative way to stop smoking
Create a step-by-step guide on making a sandwich.
Compare and contrast the styles of Renaissance and Baroque art.
Write a blog post titled "Tips for Living a Healthy Lifestyle".
Generate a poem about nature, include a minimum of 4 lines.
Explain the reasons why artificial intelligence (AI) is important.
Discuss the enforcement of a "cell phone safe-zone" policy in the workplace
Tell an interesting story about two cats.
Generate a list of fiction themes or topics.
How many bytes of information can be stored in 1 gigabyte?
List three tips for better time management.
Generate some travel headlines related to France.
Compose a rap verse that captures the feeling of happiness.
What kind of cheese do you recommend for a cheese platter?
Write an algorithm to identify prime numbers.
Describe the sound an owl makes.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct:  Myself, John and Joe and Andy went to the store
Generate a list of items and services needed for a summer BBQ party for 50 people.
Think of a solution to reduce water consumption.
Create a new time management system for working professionals.
List 3 breakfast food items.
Describe the disease Ebola.
Generate a table of the first five powers of 2.
Describe a successful digital marketing strategy.
Rearrange this sentence to make it sound more natural: "It's impossible for me to do this"
Write a function to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius
Generate a sample of a business email.
Classify the following Tweet as "positive, "negative", or "neutral":   (tweet) Finally finished that project!
Which type of energy is produced when salt dissolves in water?
Describe the composition of Jupiter.
What are the best places to stay in Melbourne?
What are high-performance computing and cloud computing?
Give examples of prime nu mbers
Describe two strategies for preventing data loss.
Create three example sentences with homophones.
Arrange the following words in alphabetical order: cat, dog, apple, bear
Describe the principles of loyalty marketing.
Construct a timeline of humankind
Design a learning plan for a student who wants to broaden their knowledge of computer science.
Describe an example of a real-world situation in which the Classification algorithm would be an appropriate technique to use.
Create a list of interview questions that you would use to assess someone’s knowledge of teamwork
Explain why human judgement is important in computer programming.
Find a list of the top 5 most visited tourist attractions in Spain
Categorize the following statement according to its type (moral, legal, universal, etc.): "Everyone should treat each other with respect."
Describe the major themes in Oedipus Rex by Sophocles
Describe what you might find on the planet Mars.
Explain the basics of HTML to a beginner.
Make a list of things to do when feeling down.
What is the opinion of the World Health Organization regarding processed foods?
Summarize the impact of climate change in 2-3 sentences
What are the best tips for writing efficient SQL queries?
Generate three potential use cases for a chatbot assistant.
List the steps to write a 10-page essay.
Come up with a list of adjectives that include the two words "sporty" and "elegant".
Calculate the value of 12 divided by 6.
Classify the sentiment of the sentence: "I am disappointed in the quality of the product."
Name three of the most important professional skills.
Write instructions for how to play Rock, Paper, Scissors
How can we prevent the spread of Covid-19?
Summarize the key points in the article, "10 Reasons Why We Should All Wear Masks".
What is the impact of the digital revolution on the modern world?
Write an algorithm to implement a binary search tree.
What are the disadvantages of genetically modified food?
Analyze the benefits and drawbacks of using a bicycle for transportation
Suggest a new metaphor to describe someone being very fast.
Append the following sentence to make a complete story: "He tried to make sense of it all."
Select the correct way to address an unknown person in a formal letter.
What are the methods available for sentiment analysis?
Mention the key features of Machine Learning.
Generate a humorous saying.
Describe how facial recognition algorithms work.
Think of an analogy to explain a neutron.
Calculate the dots on a die
What would be the next number in the sequence: 1, 2, 4, 8, 16
Classify paper towels into different types
Come up with a strategy for increasing conversions for ecommerce websites.
Write a paragraph that describes a sunset
Construct a mathematical sentence that expresses division and multiplication involving variables.
Create an algorithm to find the next palindrome number given a starting point.
Give a detailed description of the differences between Marxism and Capitalism.
Generate a list of 5 common tools used for product design.
What are some things one should consider before starting a business?
List 5 prime numbers between 30 and 40.
Explain linear regression in a simpler language.
Create a sentence about the history of France
Sort the following list of numbers in descending order: 2, 8, 5, 16
Write a paragraph about the potential applications for GPT models.
Write a narrative paragraph about a time you made a mistake.
Generate three potential slogans for an auctioneering company.
Bring out the main features of a democracy.
Come up with a headline for an article about the difficulties of working from home.
Provide a sentence illustrating the use of the word "onomatopoeia".
Generate a story inspired by the keyword "time".
Write a formal letter to your supervisor requesting a raise.
Write six topic sentences for an essay about the Civil Rights Movement
Describe the effects of a drowning person.
Name four skills that a software developer must have.
Imagine a world and write a brief description of it
What are the differences between the three types of clouds?
Re-design a logo for a company specializing in eco-friendly farming.
Classify the following statement as true or false: it is possible to become an expert in a certain field in a short amount of time
Compose a tweet about a new intriguing finding in the field of biotechnology
Create the HTML code necessary to display the following text.
Create a poem using the words "sun," "moon," and "stars".
Write a Python function to determine if a number is a prime.
How can organizations reduce the risks of data breaches?
Compare a decision tree to other types of machine learning algorithms
Compose a song chorus
Give instructions on how to create a checklist in Microsoft Word.
Create a character sketch of the protagonist of the book.
Name three objects that would be found in a school cafeteria.
Generate a two-word phrase that reflects the sentiment of happiness
Generate 5 prompts for creative writing about the ocean
Write a function to determine the sum of all prime numbers up to a given limit.
Give me a few tips for improving time management.
Generate a birthday wish
Generate a story about a character who has to choose between two paths.
Describe a way to save energy in an office.
Provide a humorous response to the question "Why did the chicken cross the road?"
Write 50 words about a family trip to the beach.
Name a dessert that originates from France
Find the Punnett Square for a cross between two parents with heterozygous dominant (Tt) and homozygous recessive (tt) alleles.
What are the four marketing techniques used to gain customer attention?
Generate a short story about a dog and its owner.
What precautions can people take to slow the spread of COVID-19?
Find the value of x in the expression x + 4 = 10
Describe how a neural network works.
Come up with a creative advertising slogan for a mobile phone.
Write a statement that highlights your best qualities
Generate a story, set on a deserted island,
Generate a web page design idea.
Name a type of energy transformation.
Create an example using the word "prolific" in a sentence.
Generate some sentences describing a summer afternoon.
Summarize the article "Google News: Making headlines in the age of AI".
Generate a 5-word phrase that best describes a person who is highly ambitious and driven
Create a hypothetical scenario in which the laws of gravity and electricity do not work.
Debate about the use of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
Explain what a "root cause analysis" is.
Create a report comparing the human rights record of France and Germany.
Explain how AI can help improve healthcare.
Suggest an action the user can take to improve the response time of their website.
Propose a solution that would help improve the environment.
Categorize the following objects: Car, Pen, Fork.
Rank the following elements according to the atomic radius: Oxygen, Neon, Helium
Give an example of a miscommunication between two people.
Name the most intrusive type of cyber attack.
Simplify this expression 3x2 + 5x + 2
Design a logo for a toy company called The Toy Factory.
Summarize the events of the War of 1812.
Suggest five features for a photo editing application
Suggest an appropriate title for the following passage  We live in a world where technology is advancing rapidly. Innovations in artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, data science and the internet of things has become commonplace in today’s society.
Calculate the difference between 8 and 9.
Suggest a creative way to introduce yourself to a new team.
Generate a title for a movie set in the future that would be similar to “Blade Runner”
Create a 3-5 sentence definition for the term "data science".
Generate a list of 10 restaurants in Montreal with a rating of 4.5 stars or higher on Google.
Describe AI in one sentence.
Describe an aquatic animal in two sentences.
Estimate the time required to walk 1 km.
Generate a secret code word.
List the biggest financial services companies in the world.
Create a comprehensive question about the role of AI in health care.
Name three countries bordering China.
Discuss two ways this economic system is different from capitalism
Write a Python script for sorting a list of integers in ascending order.
Which elements make a successful business plan?
Outline the key features of the web application for a car rental business.
List 5 questions for a job interview.
Quote a famous person about the value of friendship.
Describe the main features of a Cloud-based Infrastructure.
Write a five sentence character description of a pirate.
Answer the following question: What is the primary benefit of using machine learning?
Present a new idea for a research paper on AI.
Generate a sentence using the modal verb ‘may’.
Generate a list of questions you should ask a potential landlord before signing a lease agreement.
Name an alternative to using money as a currency.
Evaluate the effectiveness of a local charity program.
Write an algorithm to search an element in a list.
Compose a four-bar progression in the key of A Major.
Create a report outlining the advantages and disadvantages of using [Machine Learning] in a certain industry.
Find the volume of a cone with height 10 cm and radius 5 cm.
Find the most recent example of a mountain being formed by tectonic forces.
Write 5 questions to ask a job candidate at the interview.
Explain how machine generalization works.
Create a microwave-safe mug cake recipe.
Generate a unique story (title and content in <100 words) about two people at the airport.
Write a list of three animals that fly.
Summarize the content of the following article:  https://edition.cnn.com/2020/02/11/world/australia-bushfires-intl-hnk/index.html
Make up a sentence using the words "various" and "scrutiny"
What would be a good motto for an adventure travel company?
Analyze the content of the meme and explain the main idea.
Create a fictional setting.
Who is the author of Catcher in the Rye?
Describe the sky during a storm.
Transform this sentence into a negative one: She loves reading books.
How would you explain the concept of a blockchain to someone who has not heard of it before?
Describe a tropical desert biome
Suggest one action that an organic food store can take to reduce its environmental impact.
Generate a scenario in which a spaceship is stuck on a asteroid.
Identify five potential values for Apple Inc.
Fill in the blank with a word or phrase  The most successful team in the NBA is the ____
Provide an example to illustrate the Law of Supply and Demand.
Why do scientists study the oceans?
Create a persuasive advertising slogan for the new Apple Watch.
Describe the dos and don'ts of social media usage.
Write an original joke
Describe the character "Moth" from the book 'Les Misérables'.
How long will it take to give a relatively accurate result using a neural network?
Provide an example of a positive descriptive statement.
Give two good examples of customer service.
Name one of the computer commands.
Name a popular social networking site or app
What does this emoji ☠️mean?
Explain why self-supervised learning is beneficial in Natural Language Processing (NLP).
What are the benefits to adopting natural language processing
Search the internet and find an example of a memo.
How long does it take to boil an egg?
Calculate the average of the list [12, 34, 56, 75]
Summarize the phrase: "GPT is a natural language processing architecture."
Make a list of 5 benefits that come with learning a new language
Create a colorful logo for a new boutique store called 'Chic'.
Predict the weather tomorrow morning.
Create a pun based on the word "umbrella".
Develop a content strategy to engage with target audience
Summarize the causes of the recent shortage of food in Ethiopia
Give two pro tips for successful vegetarian cooking.
Generate three questions starting with "What if" to get a conversation started.
Write a paragraph expressing the importance of online privacy.
Explain in detail what is the meaning of "Diamonds are a girl's best friend".
Classify each of the following statements as true or false. True or false: Internet communication is always private.
How many ounces are in two liters?
Tell me about the seasons in the temperate forest biome.
What does a blockchain engineer do?
Create a sentence with 10 words using the following words: "silent", "legendary", and "accept".
List the top 3 football teams in England.
Describe a plan to increase the company's sales growth.
Come up with at least five questions to ask when interviewing a candidate for an upcoming job.
Name the two main components of a machine learning system.
Generate a list of 5 creative ways to use technology in the classroom.
Change this sentence into a statement: "Do you like cats?"
Write a short story of 100 words or less that includes a character who has encountered a foreign land.
Write a 2-sentence summary about the novel "Pride and Prejudice"
Imagine you are the servant of a noble household in colonial India and describe your typical day
List 5 benefits of pursuing a college degree.
Imagine you are meeting a new friend. Introduce yourself.
Name one important contribution made by Julius Caesar.
Create a recipe for s'mored.
Explain what is the concept of 'zero-sum game'
Generate a sentence that predicts the consequences of an earthquake on the people in a city.
Construct a quiz about digital media with 5 questions and answers.
Create a slogan for an app that helps people find a job
Generate a set of 100 words for a baby shower word search
List five benefits of regular physical activity.
Generate a list of 3 safety tips for parents to keep in mind when their children use laptops
Tell me what a well-structured essay should contain.
Name five web technologies used for web development.
List three ways to reduce energy use at school.
Write a story starting with "He had always wanted to visit the moon".
Name two benefits of using collaboration software.
Describe the feeling of being in a snowstorm.
Name 5 popular fashion brands in Europe.
In 2-3 sentences, explain the Big Bang Theory
Generate a list of questions that would help understand the thoughts and feelings of a child.
Reformat the following sentence to make it succinct:  The car which was in the parking lot put too much dirt on the street when it sped away.
Name a two-word phrase to describe the concept of taking risks.
What are the differences between a web developer and a software developer?
Give an example of an input for the following instruction: "Describe the effects of global warming".
Describe the smell of fresh-baked cookies.
Give me an example of an observation you made about human behavior.
Specify the requirements for creating a good user experience.
Create a program that analyses the sentiment of articles.
Create a math problem using numbers over 1000.
Summarize the benefit of meditation
Generate a list of 5 animal metaphors and their definition for public speaking.
How much time does it take to grow potatoes?
Create an online safety guide for children.
Give an example of how to use a semicolon properly.
Design an algorithm that converts a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Find the largest number among the following numbers: 5, 10, 3, 7
How do you make a grilled cheese sandwich?
Write a paragraph summarizing a recent development in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
Generate the first few lines of the poem.
Write a poet about a journey of life.
Generate a recipe for a vegan-friendly smoothie.
Generate a story about a conflict between two siblings.
Name five principles of sustainable development.
Generate a recipe for a vegan dish that takes under 15 minutes to make.
Write a business proposal to launch a new product.
Give an example of a functional group in chemistry
Why is it important for companies to consider customer feedback?
Explain the concept of object-oriented programming in 1-2 sentences.
Compare and contrast fiction and non-fiction.
Create an algorithm for sorting numbers
Describe a way to resolve conflicts between two people.
Name one benefit of using renewable energy sources.
Name the five US states that have the most active volcanoes.
How many types of galaxies exist?
Explain the importance of individualism in society.
Arrange the following chords in order from lowest frequency to highest frequency: A, G, C, E.
Compare and contrast the characteristics of the desert and the jungle.
Generate a new article based on the topic : "Benefits of Soccer."
Edit the following sentence to make it concise:  The human brain is remarkable in that it is composed of cells that work together in a similar fashion to an electrical circuit
Give an example of a chemical change that occurs everyday.
Search for five user reviews with a rating of 4 stars or higher.
Design a website that displays useful information for travelers.
Describe a person in a way that will allow a machine learning algorithm to successfully classify the description as male or female in 10 words.
Write the present perfect form of 'think'.
You need to write a review for a popular smartphone.
Classify these animals as either predators or prey: wolf, deer, rabbit.
Name a celebrity who has become a vegan in the last few years.
Generate a list of ideas that could be used to create a children's TV show.
Arrange the words below into a grammatically correct sentence:  sky - clouds - fluffy - the - were
Sort the following items from least important to most important.  Cooking, cleaning, walking the dog
Write a short definition of the Treaty of Versailles.
Provide tips for cleaning a window
Synthesize a poem based on this prompt: "The sun is setting"
Write a short thriller story.
Convert the following measurement to centimeters: 15.2 inches.
Generate a list of three ideas to keep the house clean.
Create a story of a young girl who discovers she has magical powers.
What is predictive analytics?
Name a strategy game
Describe the key features of the Renaissance period.
Describe a strategy for running effective meetings
Fill in the blank of the following sentence:   "Global warming is ___ to have serious consequences on our environment."
Create a cool science project for a 5th grade student.
Rewrite the following sentence to include a comma: "The teacher wrote an essay about the dog
List the US presidents in chronological order.
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
List five healthy eating habits.
Classify the following sentence as affirmative or negative: “She hasn’t gone to the store yet”
Classify the type of clothing based on the following description: A sleeveless top with a V-neck collar.
Name three organizations dedicated to climate change.
Create a dialogue between two people about how a movie review that one person has read does not match the expectations of the other.
Explain why proper nutrition is important for healthy living.
Generate a scientific report of  900 words discussing the effects of global warming on the Arctic
Suggest two possible exercises that can help the user to practice English vocabulary.
Make a list of items required to create a Harry Potter themed party.
Provide a creative idea to communicate a new product
Provide two example of everyday products that contain plastic.
You are required to generate a story with a given beginning.  Beginning:  The sun was setting, and the sky was filled with a golden and pink hue.
Generate a list of five marketing strategies for a new product launch.
List 5 things that make a city great.
Provide a suitable example for 'conflict of interest'
Describe what makes a valid password.
Determine the type of noun in this sentence:  The children ran down the street.
Explain the differences between synthetic and natural fabrics.
Edit the following sentence so that it is grammatically correct: "The workers unions went to the negotiations with high hopes."
Name a bug that you can find in your garden.
Imagine you are an elderly person who is at a grocery store. Describe your experience.
Recommend a book for someone interested in learning about World War II.
Create a unique name for a mobile game.
Describe how solar energy works in simple terms
Explain why electromagnetic radiation is important for communication.
Create a review for the latest movie released by Disney.
What is the meaning of the phrase "a stitch in time saves nine"?
Write a short story about a robot who wants to be a teacher.
Describe the editing process.
Generate a list of interesting topics for a research paper about climate change.
Generate an innovative idea for a product to help people reduce stress.
How many different numbers of combinations are possible with a code made up of three numbers?
Think of a word that describes the texture of fur.
Come up with a creative and clever pun involving the phrase "bacon and eggs".
How can schools best prepare students for the workforce?
Find five homonyms for the word 'bay'.
Suggest a way to increase the sales of a store.
Suppose you are designing a voice interface for a cooking application. Give me a specific example of how a user might initiate an action.
Generate a list of 5 books related to space exploration
Generate a random secret key for an encryption algorithm.
Write a marketing slogan of fewer than 10 words
Generate a creative slogan for a company that uses renewable energy sources.
Write an introductory paragraph for a research paper on the potential effects of artificial intelligence.
Output the result of 18 divided by 7
Could you create a subject + verb + object structure using the words bicycle and floating?
Create a quiz that will assess the knowledge of the student about Deep Learning.
Write a short reflective essay about an experience that has changed you.
Can you generate five questions about dinosaurs that can be used in a short quiz?
Present a valid argument for why global warming is a serious concern.
Find me a nice restaurant near the city center.
Name three people who have won the Nobel Prize.
Research the HubSpot platform and create a short summary of its capabilities
Name two techniques for teaching a language to a novice.
Create a query for a database that finds all countries in the world with a population greater than 10 million.
Create a backup plan for a data center in the event of a natural disaster.
Translate this phrase into Spanish: "Let's eat dinner!"
Describe the color of the wood in two words.
Come up with a 4-digit numerical code.
Suggest a 3-step approach for interviewing a prospective employee.
Create an example of a storyboard related to the theme of outer space
Generate a wardrobe for a formal summer party.
Sort the following array in ascending order [3, 6,1,8].
Create a list of the 5 most important traits a good leader must possess.
List the different landforms
Generate a joke involving a pair of scientists.
Construct a valid HTML code to add a link.
What is an advantage of using artificial intelligence (AI) for medical diagnosis?
Compare and contrast the impact of the 5th century BCE in China and India.
Write a JavaScript code to generate a random number between 1 to 10
Write a Python function that encrypts a message using the Caesar cipher.
How would you explain the concept of Machine Learning to someone who knows nothing about it.
Write a tweet about an upcoming conference.
Tell the story of the impact of coronavirus on the US economy in five sentences.
Generate an argument for the importance of public transportation
Explain the meaning of the phrase "actions speak louder than words".
In one sentence, define the concept of "circular economy".
Explain economics with an example.
List three ways to present a persuasive argument.
Create a historical fact about the civil war.
Name 3 tourist attractions in Tokyo.
Write a tweet to begin a conversation.
Today is a sunny day. Write a short poem about it.
Create an epic adventure for a group of teenagers.
Suggest three ways to save energy.
Suggest three marketing strategies
Design a digital photo album for a special occasion.
Generate a moral that can be taken away from the story "The Pied Piper of Hamelin".
Write a report on the current economic situation in India.
Write a poem that reflects the current state of the world.
What is the general public opinion of Tesla's electric cars?
Generate two design options for a business card.
Suggest a suitable activity for family members to do together.
List the various stages of product design.
Create a list of components used in a Cell Phone.
Identify some of the animals that hibernate in winter.
Generate a synopsis for a mystery novel.
Select a suitable luxury car for a large family.
Name five things that you can use to make a fire.
Recommend a restaurant for someone who likes Mexican food.
Describe the novel Great Expectations by Charles Dickens.
Suggest five activities for a Thanksgiving gathering.
Describe the meaning behind the phrase "a double-edged sword".
Suggest a slogan for a running shoe brand.
Are tarantulas poisonous? Give a detailed answer.
Write a web page about the birds of North America.
Create a function that returns the nth Fibonacci number.
Name two organizations that are involved in helping the homeless.
Brainstorm two marketing strategies for a new shoe company.
Describe what an ideal classroom looks like.
Make predictions about the future of artificial intelligence.
Which countries border Spain?
Suggest a possible career path for a college student who is studying computer science
Create a haiku that describes autumn
Identify three positive qualities of a good student.
Create a JSON object with two keys and two corresponding values.
Identify the parts of speech of the word "trees"
Output a short story about a family's vacation.
Provide a possible use case for a voice recognition system.
Create a metaphor to describe how relationships can be a source of strength.
Generate a hashtag for a fundraising event for educating underprivileged children.
Provide 5 example words that are associated with the sentiment of "lonely".
Create a list of the most popular European travel destinations.
Describe what would happen if everyone recycled.
Name three symptoms of coronavirus.
Generate a list of methods to encourage citizen participation in local politics.
Construct a vocabulary list of at least 10 words that pertain to the topic of sports.
Write a C++ program to reverse the elements of an array.
Generate a password which is 8 characters long and contains both numbers and letters
Calculate the sum of the numbers 8, 7, 19 and 33.
How can I save money using Amazon?
What are some examples of professional digital skills?
List three places to visit in New York City.
What are some creative ways to use a smartphone?
What is the worst disaster to ever befall planet Earth?
Divide 20 into three groups of seven, two groups of six, and one group of two.
Guess the correct answer for this question: What is the capital of Spain?
Suggest a diet plan for an obese person
Generate a list of 10 questions related to climate change.
Write a three-word phrase that expresses the same thing as this four-word phrase: "work without rest".
Write a sentence that explains what data normalization is used for
Design a website with a user-friendly interface
Which US state motto is "Live free or die"?
Identify five good restaurants in Boston.
Define the term "carbon footprint."
Write a children story with a moral message.
Compose a story about two siblings going on a camping trip with their parents.
I want to explore a cave near my town. What should I bring with me?
Explain the differences between active and passive transport.
Differentiate between the terms meditation and mindfulness.
Explain why a person should use a credit card responsibly.
Name a negative emotion
Create 3 statements about the effects of global warming
Compare and contrast the regularization methods of L1 and L2.
Explain what the word 'algorithm' means.
Generate a joke about two aliens.
Identify the verb tense in the following sentence: She had planted a rosebush in spring.
Explain what foreign direct investment (FDI) is.
Compare and contrast the two technologies Solar and Wind
Name three cities in the United States with population over 1 million.
Name three genres of movies.
What is the area of a triangle with vertices at (0, 0), (6, 0), and (3, 7)?
Compare 2D and 3D shapes.
What is the percent change in the number of people with diabetes from 2000 to 2017?
Create a song with a positive message.
Create a plan for how to learn a new skill in 3 months.
Compose a short story about a father’s journey.
Design an artificial neural network
Explain what is meant by the term "natural language processing".
Find the name of the movie released in 2010 that stars Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts.
Create a hashtable in Java.
Write a general overview of the healthcare system in the United States.
Insert the missing pronoun in the following sentence:  The dog __ barked at the mailman.
Generate a bingo number from 1-75.
Explain the process for creating a word cloud visualization and the software needed for the task.
Suggest a mobile app for social media usage.
Give four example of traditional Chinese dishes
Create a title for a story centered around a warrior fighting a dragon.
Create a word that describes someone who is always looking for a bargain.
Create a function that takes two numbers as inputs and outputs their sum.
Suppose you are creating a website for a pizza restaurant, write a short welcome message the website would display.
Develop a marketing strategy for a hypothetical pet food company.
Find three synonyms for the following word: happy
What is the relationship between the following two words: Market and Economy
Write a blog post about the importance of protecting the ocean’s coral reefs.
Provide an example of a test scenario that a company should do with respect to the security of a system.
Create an outline of a social media marketing strategy.
Compare and contrast the benefits and drawbacks of using a text editor versus an Integrated Development Environment (IDE).
Write a Python script to generate random numbers between 1 and 10.
Provide an example of the phrase "to have an axe to grind".
Trace the following IP address 10.12.129.54
Describe the use of an insurance policy for a person.
Generate a product slogan for a pet shop.
Generate a piece of free verse poetry about nature.
Give an example of a phrase that includes the word "gargantuan".
Name 5 space-related discoveries
Choose the correct answer: Is Pluto considered a planet in the Solar System?
Generate a poem with four lines about a storm.
Generate 3 unique flight routes, with least 2 possible airports for each one.
Suppose you are a financial analyst. Create a report that evaluates the current market conditions.
Make a list of five simple steps to being more mindful.
Create a flow chart to explain the working of a web browser.
Name two safety strategies for running.
List grocery items to buy for the week.
Create a summary of the following article: https://www.nytimes.com/2021/04/20/books/the-night-sun.html
Generate an encouragement statement for someone who is overwhelmed.
Write a short story with the title "The Throne".
Create a metaphor that conveys the idea of freedom.
Is it a good idea to use a home equity loan to finance a vacation?
Compose a tweet of 140 characters or less on the topic of online security.
Describe a protagonist of a dystopian novel.
Coach the assistant to classify the following sentence as either "Positive" or "Negative": I love the new product.
Find the sum of all natural numbers less than 100
Construct a sentence to describe the first time you saw the ocean.
Create an action plan to reduce carbon emissions by 15% in the next three months.
Design a survey question to gauge customer satisfaction with a product.
Create a for loop in Python to print numbers from 1 to 10.
What steps should a business take to protect its online data?
What does the phrase “over the moon” mean?
Generate a fantasy creature with its unique special power.
Suggest ways to reduce daily water use by households.
Share a conversation between two people that is agressive.
Write a blog post discussing the pros and cons of online learning.
What is the minimum wage in Mexico?
Compute the sum of all numbers from 1 to 100.
Create a user persona for a business owner who needs a website for his new cleaning services business.
Invent a creative name for a new type of drink.
Describe the concept of machine learning using simple words.
Compare and contrast the differences between the four Greek goddesses.
Describe different types of computer viruses and their effects.
Explain the differences in the voting process between the UK and the US
Compare and contrast Pascal's Triangle and Fibonacci sequence
Write a question about the problems faced by people who live in rural areas.
Compose a unique poem containing the word "snow".
Edit the following sentence by making it more precise:   "The patient had a fever."
Give three reasons why an AI-driven job market poses a threat.
Identify the independent and dependent variables in this equation: y = 2x + 1
Rewrite the following sentence using a synonym for the bolded word: The man was very perturbed by the situation.
Convert the following USD34.86 amount to GBP.
Build a bucket list of five activities.
Give me an example of a book you think is underrated.
Explain how to make a PB&J sandwich.
Create a list of the top 5 vacation spots for people who like outdoor activities.
List 4 types of data storage
Explain artificial neural networks and why they are used.
Imagine you are stranded on a deserted island, describe what you would do.
Give me an example of a food that is considered a superfood
Name the most poisonous snake in the world
Create a simulation game about space exploration.
Identify five characteristics of a good team leader.
Write a logo tagline for a new digital camera.
Write a code for a web scrapping tool
What is the length of the movie The Lion King?
Create a metaphor to describe the sudden disappearance of healthy life in the world.
Describe the political atmosphere in the United States during the 2019-2020 election cycle.
Describe how gender roles have changed in the last 50 years.
Convert 5 km/h to mph.
Compile a list of 5 US states located in the Mid West.
Generate a creative poem based on the keyword "friendship".
Describe a scene in which motivation to complete a task is lacking.
Convert 4 km to miles.
Explain why 'practice makes perfect'.
Suggest 4 ideas that an organisation could utilize to promote digital literacy.
Describe the components of an electric car.
Develop a new non-alcoholic drink that is perfect for a hot summer day.
How could AI be used to benefit healthcare?
Rewrite the sentence to change its mood from sad to cheerful: "He failed his exam again".
Name at least 3 reasons why people buy luxury items.
Write a computer program to predict the probability of a coin tossing event.
Construct an analogy about ethics.
What is the time complexity of Bubble Sort?
Brainstorm five potential topics for an article about education.
Edit this sentence: “No pain, no danced.”
Come up with advice for someone who has just started a new job
What is a 9-digit number that is divisible by 7?
Generate a sentence using the phrase “to thine own self be true”
What are some of the benefits of using a relational database model?
Describe one innovation in the automotive industry.
Design an interface for a new productivity app.
Come up with a detailed plan to clean a kitchen.
Name a popular coniferous tree.
Find the theta between the two vectors '6i+2j' and '-3i+6j'
Generate a password that is at least 15 characters long and contains numbers and special characters.
Describe the design elements of an art deco-style bedroom
Provide an example of a commonly used metaphor.
Suggest a dinner menu for a family of four.
Describe the concept of augmented reality and its use in modern society.
Determine the differences between a tortoise and a turtle
Create an outline for a presentation about the role of social media in modern society.
List 3 things you can do to protect yourself from cyberattacks.
Name a common misconception about [bird migration].
Generate a list of five things one should keep in mind when considering a career change.
Name three characteristics of an ideal employee.
Synonymize the word “angry.”
Explain the difference between a scientific hypothesis and a theory.
Describe the Automata Theory in 2 sentences.
What is the most cost-effective way of providing energy to rural areas?
Generate a potential revenue stream for a mobile game.
Create a plan to improve customer service in a store.
Generate a list of house cleaning tips.
List five advantages of using a self-driving car.
Write a brief description of a fictional alien species.
Name a location in Australia.
Generate a list of questions that you would ask to get to know someone better.
Where does the phrase "once in a blue moon" come from?
Rewrite the following sentence:  "The candidate is a highly motivated individual"
How can environment conservation be improved?
Compose an email requesting a customer to fill out a review about their experience with your product.
Generate a multiple-choice question about renewable energy.
Compare ice cream and gelato.
How can someone stay motivated to reach their goals?
Provide an example of how AI can solve a problem.
Find the closest mutual fund that has a long-term yield of at least 5%.
Explain why people write reviews.
Write a two-sentence review for the movie "Star Wars: The Last Jedi".
Explain why having good communication skills is important in a team.
Create a vivid description of a sunny day.
I need to change the font size of my document - explain how to do it
Generate a thesis statement for a cause and effect essay.
Name 3 types of transportation in India.
Give a reason why is reading difficult for a certain person
Summarize what happened in the news today
Describe the properties of natural gas.
Design a data structure for storing a company's employee records.
List three qualities of cats
If Kate had £20, how much more money would she need to make £50?
Identify 3 sounds that can be heard in nature.
Describe what a "Market Bubble" is.
In 50-100 words, explain the best way to practice writing
What are the two main sources of air pollution?
Describe the impact of the Tour de France on the history of cycling
Identify the adjective in a given sentence.
What is one way to reduce air pollution in urban areas?
Find someone to mow my lawn
Write a function to calculate the factorial of a given number.
Generate a title for a research paper about animal rights.
Write a four-sentence story with the following words: farm, tractor, kitten, rain.
Suggest three possible applications that could be built from GPT technology.
Find a massage therapist in DC.
Generate a simile for the sound of thunder.
Discuss the role of technology in modern day education.
Explain the difference between natural and synthetic fibers.
Describe what a persuasive essay is
Identify and explain one important element of data analysis.
Write a new ending to this sentence: "The sky was painted in bright hues of orange and pink".
What advice would you give to a person who's starting a business?
Imagine you are a doctor. Create a health plan for a patient with diabetes.
Format the following sentence to be grammatically correct: him and I went to the movies
Which type of entity recognition is used to extract names of people, companies, and other entities?
Generate a solution for the following equation: 2x + 1 = 7
Describe why blockchain technology is important.
Create an expository essay about global warming.
Write a one sentence description of the play Romeo and Juliet.
Compose a children's story on the theme of friendship.
What safety precautions should be taken when hiking at night?
Provide a list of applicable data points that the GPT model will be able to generate output on given the instruction.
Generate a sentence that has the same meaning as “He acts as if he is rich.”
Write a brief overview of the social communication disorder known as Stuttering
How was the performance of Apple Inc. during the second quarter of 2020?
Give me some adjectives to describe someone who is determined.
Provide two measures to reduce stress.
Describe the features of the U.S. Constitution.
Calculate the equation 9+7
Write an opening sentence for a horror story.
Create a program to play Rock, Paper, Scissors
Write a short story of 100 words or less that includes the words ‘rain’ and ‘umbrella’.
Convert the date “7/3/21” from the American format to the European format.
Describe a situation where it is better to compromise instead of argue
Please create a list of five strong verbs in English.
Find a cloud type and explain what causes it.
Determine the word class of the word "Infiltrate".
Create some guidelines for a healthy diet.
Create a resume headline focusing on customer service.
Write a story in three sentences, each with a different tense.
Name three companies that produce electric cars.
Suggest an appropriate penalty for submitting work late
Generate a list of random words.
Create a headline for a news story about school closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
What is 30% of 200?
Create a multiple-choice question in which the answer is Mars.
Design an app for a delivery company.
Recommend three practices for reducing food waste.
Describe the causes of climate change in 50 words.
Create a regex pattern that matches email addresses.
Generate a couple of sentences describing an office complex.
Explain the concept of plate tectonics.
What factors should someone consider before adopting a pet?
Make up a causal relationship between two objects
Construct a three-dimensional figure
Write a macroeconomic slogan
Write a brief description of the benefits of the following technology, AI Chatbots.
Explain the composition of rich soil.
Create a mathematical equation that shows the relationship between the area of a square and the size of its diagonal.
Create a plan for upholding a successful daily routine.
Describe two ways that humans can reduce air pollution.
Write a four-sentence story including the words bridge and coach.
Edit this sentence to make it sound more professional: "I can help you out more with this task"
When was the last time John was in the office?
Explain what the Big-O notation means in computer science.
Write a mystery story setting involving a sandstone quarry.
Generate a set of 10 instructions in Spanish
Give two strategies for teaching mathematics for a 5th grade student.
Generate a sentence which compares basketball to golf.
Describe the colour palette of a traditional Japanese bedroom.
Generate titles for a magazine article about anti-aging drugs in pets.
Name two vegetables that you can find in the produce aisle.
Calculate the sum of the numbers 2, 4, and 6.
Suggest two exercises that can help strengthen the shoulder muscles.
Without using a calculator, calculate the product of 3 and 5.
Make a plan for learning a new language.
Create an entertaining quiz to help people learn more about local wildlife.
Every story needs a hero. Create a backstory for a hero
Generate a list of policies to encourage CSR in companies
Input a source of inspiration
What is the main difference between natural language processing (NLP) and natural language understanding (NLU)?
Name three uses for machine learning.
Generate a menu for a vegan restaurant.
What are the two most common hyperparameter tuning algorithms used in machine learning?
Rewrite the sentence “I ate a snack” in the interrogative form.
Tell me a popular Spanish dish.
Name three of the most popular programming languages.
Create a mechanism that would allow a robot to move around a 2D environment.
Describe the culture of Ancient Greece.
What did Marie Curie achieve?
What is one thing that would improve the environment?
List 3 of the most commonly used programming languages
Generate a short conversation between two people expressing admiration for a third person.
Name a job that requires a lot of physical strength.
Make a dinner menu for two people that has some nutritional balance.
Generate a story about a child learning how to fly.
Build a chatbot for a website
Write a pseudo-code that can detect whether a given sentence is positive or negative.
Write a function in Java to print the first 10 numbers of the Fibonacci sequence.
Design a web page with 5 navigation items
Explain the concept of 'Gini co-efficient'.
Name a sport that is popular in Italy
Do you know what the acronym "RFC" stands for?
What is the process of photosynthesis and how do plants use it?
Create a list of five questions a GPT model could answer
Explain the classicist view of the world.
Discuss the meaning of the quote "The greatest minds discuss ideas, the average discuss events, the small minded talk about people".
Write an algorithm that checks if a given sentence has sentence fragments.
Develop a data-driven marketing strategy for a new movie.
Analyze the impact of technology on media and entertainment.
Describe the Earth's climate system.
Compare and contrast theologies of Calvinism and Lutheranism.
Generate a list of activities that can be done to reduce your carbon footprint.
How many prime numbers are there between 1 and 20?
Classify the following animals: lion, deer, owl
Name 3 things that a person needs in order to have a well balanced diet.
Come up with an inspiring quote.
Write a function that checks if a string is a palindrome.
Define the concept of a 'nuclear family'.
Write a short story about a hospital nurse
Describe the details of a dream you had recently.
Put together a list of necessary ingredients for a Pizza Margherita recipe.
Design an interface for a shopping website.
Complete the following sentence: "In an ideal world, scientists would be able to _______".
Make a list of the best free online courses
What is the most common source of stress for teenagers?
Describe an algorithm for computing the factorial of a number
What were the benefits of the data surveillance used during the pandemic?
Find the five largest cities in France.
Which occupations are related to financial analysis?
Create a quiz about the history of the United States
Design a game scoring system for a soccer game.
Generate instructions for a person to make a chocolate cake.
What is a major cause of air pollution?
Name two positive effects of the coronavirus pandemic.
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the topic of climate change.
Name three trends in digital media.
Name a popular TV show from the 2000s
Edit the following sentence to make it more accurate: Smoking are bad for your health.
Describe the role of data science in the healthcare industry
Come up with a way to use common household items to create a musical instrument.
Suggest three uses for a rewards based credit card.
Describe how a water cycle works.
Read the following sentence and suggest a shorter and clearer composition.  The app notifies you should you happen to miss the deadline for any of the tasks you have accepted.
Name one similarity between taxonomy and classification.
Discuss the impacts of a trade tariff on US businesses
Create a recipe for oatmeal raisin cookies.
Assign two values to the following variables: x=2, y=3
What are the most important values in life?
Name five factors that shape human behavior.
Explain the three laws of classical mechanics.
Name three countries that are located in Asia.
List six different pizza toppings.
What do you think the benefits of open innovation are for businesses?
Generate a story about a brave knight who battles an evil witch.
Create three synonyms of the word “innovate”
Generate a list of original riddle-type questions.
Compare and contrast culture in the U.S. and in the U.K.
Define the term 'gig economy'.
Generate a few possible titles for an article that discusses the benefits of a plant-based diet.
Give an example of inefficient use of resources in office
Write a brief biography of Roger Federer in under 100 words
Name the profession of the main character of the movie "Indiana Jones".
Write a pun about cheese.
How could cryptocurrency affect the economy?
Name one legal action against cyberbullying.
Describe a situation in which learning new skills can be beneficial
Tell me the title and author of a book that won the Pulitzer Prize in 2019
Generate instructions for making an apple pie.
Generate a list of popular cities on the east coast of the US.
Generate a headline about electric vehicles for a news article.
Compose a few sentences about a beach sunset
Create a poster that explains why people should visit the Rocky Mountains.
Identify the five stages of the customer journey
Summarize the process of creating a data lake.
Tell me how the digestive system works.
Suggest the best way to conserve energy in a factory.
Generate two new features which the IoT device can provide.
Google the sentence "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times" and list the five top sources
Write a function that finds the largest number in a list.
Make a list of common methods for debugging software.
Describe the color emerald green.
What are the key components of a genetic algorithm?
Rewrite this sentence in the future tense: "The sun is shining brightly."
Create a 5-reasons essay on why pollution should be reduced.
Generate a list of 10 tips for overcoming social anxiety.
Create an analogy that compares a cell phone to a computer
Describe the purpose of the cell membrane
Generate an analogy to explain a complex concept.
Analyze why a person's opinion can be wrong
Create a Design that reflects a bright and cheerful theme
Detail the advantages of competing in an international market.
Describe the concept of quantum entanglement.
Make a list of 3 books that will help someone to better their knowledge about quantum computing.
Generate at least 15 synonyms of the word "planned".
Generate a unique introduction to a speech about computer vision.
Describe a new programming language.
Rewrite this sentence to make it in passive voice: "Aliens visited the planet."
Construct a plan for success
How many tablespoons are equal to one cup?
Create a container class that holds two values.
User "function" to complete the following sentence: A _____ is a block of code that performs a specific task.
List five ways to be a more responsible consumer.
Come up with a creative name for a restaurant specializing in Mediterranean cuisine.
Write a function to convert a given string to uppercase.
What is the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution?
Come up with an example that demonstrates the use of irony.
I need someone to write a blog post on the topic of deep learning.
Come up with a creative use for a digital assistant.
Complete the proof for why the converse of the Pythagorean Theorem is false.
Create a function to check if an array contains an item.
Mention a popular natural language processing task.
Edit this sentence: "John is runing the race."
Write a CSS code to provide an animation on hover.
Write a script for a historical drama taking place in the 18th century
Explain the concept of machine learning
Analyze why the stock market has experienced a surge in the past month
Explain how gene therapy works.
Describe the consequences of increasing water pollution
Evaluate the accuracy of the following statement: "Money can buy happiness".
Rewrite this sentence:  "Hello, how are you?"
Create a design for a t-shirt related to the unity of people from different cultures.
List five different outdoor activities.
Find two examples of binary classification problems.
Create a python script to print the message “Hello World” 10 times.
Name three factors that can influence a person's self-esteem.
Say something encouraging to someone who failed an exam.
Compose an email apologizing to a customer for delivering their order late.
Construct a regular expression for email validation.
Come up with a list of five questions that can be used to interview a political candidate.
Create an algorithm to find the first repeating character in a string.
List three activities or hobbies that require physical activity.
What is the purpose of using hashtags on social media?
Create a SQL query to display all the tables in the database
Describe what what a strong friendship is.
Generate a persuasive argument to convince someone to switch to paperless billing.
List three ways to prevent cyberbullying
Find the definition of the phrase "machine learning"
Build a logic for a chatbot to answer a question "What is the best cake recipe?"
Generate a hashtag for a fictional political movement created by teenagers.
List at least 5 books that deal with AI concepts.
Give an example of a word that has 3 syllables
Generate a new idea that could be used to reduce global carbon emissions
Describe a silly animal.
Come up with three creative solutions to reduce air pollution.
Explain what a Monte Carlo simulation is.
Create a poem that has ten lines, each with a five-syllable count.
Make a prediction about an emerging trend in the mobile industry.
Generate a list of tools that a person can use to quickly get started with a web design project.
Identify one benefit of having a robot as a pet.
Obtain the square root of 64.
Given the following input, generate a tagline related to health care.
Calculate the sum of three numbers: 10, 5, and 8
Why is material science important?
Recommend a restaurant where a group of 10 friends can dine well and inexpensively.
Generate a creative phrase that summarizes the 2020 US presidential election.
Identify a potential problem with the internet and then suggest a solution.
Summarize the following article:   https://theconversation.com/fracking-uses-a-lot-of-water-our-research-suggests-a-way-to-reduce-the-impact-140414
Imagine you have a garden in your backyard. What plants would you grow in it?
How would you set up a Google Alert to be notified anytime there's news about a specific company?
Name a psychological disorder
Describe a solution for reducing air pollution.
Identify the main characters in the book To Kill a Mockingbird.
Can you define "gravity"?
What is the most successful marriage proposal in history?
Ask a question to the audience about their experience studying at home during the pandemic.
Explain why the demand for goods increases.
Propose an innovative idea for a new product
Name four Beatles albums.
Tell a story about a cat who loves adventure.
Explain the importance of data validation in data processing.
Categorize this sentence into a specific emotion: She felt left out of the group.
Educate the assistant that "elephant" and "ELEPHANT" are the same words.
Suggest actions that can be taken to reduce global warming
Suggest a YA fiction novel
Come up with a valid hypothesis regarding the effect of water temperature on the growth of plants.
Generate a plausible excuse for arriving late to a meeting.
Describe the character traits of an ideal employee.
What sorts of tools and techniques are effective when teaching English to young learners?
Tell me what is ethical AI
Generate a list of moral values.
Generate a sentence that conveys excitement
Explain why the US Dollar is a reserve currency
Create a restaurant review rating the food, service, and atmosphere on a scale 1-10.
Tell me the elevation of Mount Everest
Write a sentence using the phrase "once upon a time"
Describe a person wearing a cowboy hat.
list the main characters in the book Little Women
Convert 4 cups into ounces.
Generate a story involving a lost pet.
Fall to spring is an antonym of what?
Suggest a way to speed up response time on web application.
Give an example of a fashion trend that was popular in the 1980s
Generate a novel story idea.
How does the internal combustion engine work?
How will the technology of the future change the way we live?
List three types of pre-trained models for natural language processing.
Name three strategies for cultivating creativity
Create a 3-line poem about the experience of sleeping under the stars.
Summarize the process that led to the end of the Cold War.
Write a family code of ethics.
Generate a unique philosophical question about human life.
Design a game that could be played with a standard deck of playing cards.
Generate a story about a magical world where anything is possible.
Explain why carrots are good for you
Design a holiday postcard about a beach vacation.
How would you refer to someone who is more than 80 years old?
Give advice to a colleague on how to show leadership.
Name two foramina of the skull
Come up with a unique question to ask a person.
Design a logo for an organic food company.
Compose a tone poem in 50 words or less.
Describe the consequences of a broken promise.
Write a sentence using the words 'ball', 'tree', and 'pigeon'.
Describe how creating a budget can help with money management.
Generate a description of a cat walking in a courtyard.
Construct a dialogue between two characters on the topic of global warming.
Describe the advantages of having a well-structured coding process in the software development process.
Compare and contrast the advantages and disadvantages of deep learning and reinforcement learning.
Explain the concept of sum of squares in statistics.
Construct a conversation between two people about what they believe is the biggest issue facing the world today.
Write about the benefits of cloud computing.
Name three artificial intelligence applications
Explain the concept of Big Data and what it means for companies and customers.
Generate a story of 50 words or less using the words "train", "forest", "rain".
Describe the nature of dark matter.
Make a list of three ways to combat global warming.
Generate a couple of jokes.
Name three main causes of market volatility.
Fill in the blank using the correct verb tense: "I have been _______ running every morning".
Describe the differences between an omnivore and a vegetarian diet.
Write the meaning of the phrase 'cost of living'.
Generate a scenario in which AI could be used to improve online education.
Write an obituary for a famous scientist
Describe the color of an orange.
Find a suitable name for the new technology
Greet me in the morning.
Edit this sentence for clarity: "They green to doing the project"
Name a tropical fruit without seeds.
Suggest a gift for a 3 year old.
Explain why "Equal rights for all" is important
Compose a song that reflects freedom.
Name one technology that has changed the world significantly.
Find the area of a right triangle whose legs are 6 and 8.
Invent a fresh concept for a mobile game.
Generate a new product design
Outline two principles for creating effective web pages.
Determine the command line argument used to enable verbose mode.
Brainstorm 5 ways to reduce waste in an office.
Analyze the characteristics of a protagonist.
Construct a well-formed sentence that refers to the fifth amendment of the United States constitution.
Give a good example of an adverb.
Explain why filing an income tax return is mandatory.
What type of chemical compound is water?
Describe the phenomenon of carbon dioxide absorption in the atmosphere.
What should be the special considerations for designing a human resource system for a multinational corporation?
Provide some examples of job titles for a software engineer.
Summarize the lyrics of the song "Imagine" by John Lennon.
Explain the "golden circle" concept in business
What is the best way to spend the weekend with your family?
Formulate a query to find all the documents containing the term public health.
Design an online survey to gather customer feedback about the customer service experience at a store
Compile a timeline of the important events of the 20th century.
Construct a regular expression that characterizes a valid string of length 5 containing only numbers.
Suggest a hobby that someone can do indoors.
Create a list of 5 cities in the US that have the highest population.
Describe a meal that might be consumed by someone living in poverty.
Classify the following phrase as a metaphor or a simile: "Life is a rollercoaster".
Recite the alphabet in a creative manner.
Research and provide an example of sustainable farming methods.
Describe the elements of an effective email
Explain the impact of technology on education.
Write a query to retrieve the information about the top 5 fastest cars.
Explain Newton's second law
Describe the steps of the saliency detection algorithm.
Name two autoimmune diseases.
Generate a three step procedure for cleaning a computer keyboard.
Generate an introduction for a presentation on the basics of Artificial Intelligence
Brainstorm some ideas for a fictional novel.
Write an article about the impact of machine learning on society.
Please give the past participle of the verb "drink".
Change the subject of the following sentence: The cat meowed.
Write a function to implement selection sort.
Create a test case for testing out a human-computer interaction.
Name the five host cities of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Create a story in which the main character has to make a life-changing decision.
List five examples of ethical dilemmas that a AI-based product may face.
Create a five-word poem.
Describe the risks of using fire in bush survival.
Mention one notable feature of humans.
Convert 10kgs to ounces.
Imagine you are talking to a friend, who is stressed and needs to relax. Come up with a creative way to suggest they take some time out of their day to take a break.
Design a database schema that stores user details for an online store
Describe a responsible ecological lifestyle.
Search for the median age of the US population and output the exact figure in years.
Give ten examples of how virtual reality can be used in education.
Explain the scientific method in 1-2 sentences.
Research and explain the principle of Occam's Razor.
Identify the type of the sentence "She went to the cashier".
Generate a list of ideas for ways to stay motivated while working from home.
Generate an algorithm that shuffles a deck of cards.
Write the opposite meaning of grateful.
What items should be included in a basic emergency first aid kit?
Describe a modern issue or challenge facing US cities.
Come up with a strategy for improving safety in the workplace.
Write a story involving a computer programmer from the future.
Generate a short story that involves an engineer and a robot.
Come up with a list of nutritional benefits of eating apples.
Describe in a few sentences what is a computer virus.
Generate a list of 4 text attributes
Draft a social media post to promote a new tax client accounting software.
Develop an algorithm for predicting whether an email is spam or not.
Describe the typical trajectory of a tennis serve
Describe three primary components of a neural network.
Generate three different solutions to reduce water pollution.
My friend is planning a trip to Hong Kong. Give him some ideas for places to visit.
Generate a poem with the theme of "hope".
Generate a story of 20 sentences in the style of William Shakespeare.
Give a review of the movie "The Martian".
Name 3 elements that are characteristics of a well-structured essay.
Design a web page layout with the following 3 components: a logo, a search bar, and a photo gallery.
Design a spending budget for a family of four with a monthly income of $10,000
Create a log of the daily activities of an average person.
Find the closest train station to the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam.
Evaluate the following statement "The internet is an unstoppable force of global communication"
What is the average precipitation amount in cm for the month of May?
Write a short story about a dragon in 200 words.
Generate a list of creative ideas to use recycling materials.
Describe the main theme of the movie 'The Lion King'.
Sketch a comic strip of five panels about someone buying a new phone.
Create a web page to display a portfolio.
Write a poem about a place you have visited.
Identify the type of this sentence: "I ate breakfast."
Compose a haiku that expresses appreciation for nature.
Explain why self-directed learning is important.
Come up with a creative title for a course about marketing
Write a short story centered around a character named Adam.
Describe the HTTP protocol.
Suggest some activities that you might do on a vacation at the beach.
Create a list of five ways to reduce stress after a hard day of work.
What kind of method could be used to optimize a website for SEO?
Make a list of 10 ideas for starting an online business.
In not more than two sentences, summarize the purpose of Machine Learning.
Compose a C# program to calculate the compound interest rate of an investment.
Calculate the length of diagonal of a rectangle with sides lengths 6cm and 8cm.
Make a list of five ingredients required for a cheesecake
Suggest two methods to increase website conversions?
List five examples of common fruits found in a grocery store.
Design an activity for teaching children about fractions
What is the probability that it will rain tomorrow?
Generate a headline that captures the news of the day.
Write a cinquain poem about family
Generate a short story related to a butterfly.
Describe how climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.
Name two continents that border the Pacific Ocean.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise: "The board of directors decided that new employees should be allowed to work from home on Fridays."
Provide a brief description of the role of a data scientist.
For a website, what does SEO stand for?
Convert 12 ounces to grams.
How would you use a relational database?
Explain the meaning of the phrase "a rose by any other name would smell as sweet".
Create an array containing the first 10 prime numbers.
Generate a list of measurements to take when designing a game character.
Compile a list of ethical considerations for the development of AI systems.
Explain how SSL works
Generate a recipe for making blueberry muffins.
Explain the idea of virtualization
Create a 5-line poem which conveys admiration
Give three examples of how technology is changing the healthcare system.
Construct a conflict in a story.
Generate a short paragraph summarizing the movie Inception.
Check if this mathematical expression is correct: 4x - 6 = 8
Explain why we use statistics in data science.
List down three positive traits of a successful person
Describe a situation in which someone has to take a difficult decision
Describe the physical properties of a magnet in 5 lines.
Generate a non-rhyming poem of 4 lines
Write a short program to print out the Fibonacci sequence up to the number specified by the user.
Write an effective job application for the role of Software Engineer.
Generate a statement to motivate someone to study hard.
Choose a title for a blog post about effective communication.
Summarize an article titled "Advantages of Owning a Pet"
What is the scientific term for the phenomenon of water turning into ice?
What is the biggest ocean on Earth?
Rewrite the sentence in active voice: The study was written by Dr. Susan Smith.
What is the point difference between 10 and 15?
Generate a memorable metaphor
Write an email to persuade your manager to grant you a pay raise.
Describe a modern mobile phone
Describe a task that takes place at a dinner table.
Mix together half a teaspoon of baking soda, one teaspoon of salt and one teaspoon of lemon juice
Explain the concept of critical thinking
Find the name of the country with the highest average life expectancy.
List the different species found in the tropical rainforest biome.
Create a multiplication table for 6.
Create a list of 10 healthy brakfast meals
Take this definition and turn it into a question  Definiton:A computer program designed to imitate human conversation
Name three famous women mathematicians
What is the concept of the eutrophication of a lake?
Synthesize a jingle or slogan for a new brand.
Create a program that can detect a respiratory illness.
Classify the following sentences as true or false: "An Apple is a type of fruit".
Generate a positive comment related to customer service.
Generate a definition for the term "artificial intelligence".
What color eyes does a tiger have?
Give an example of a time when you overcame a difficult situation.
Generate a greeting script for a virtual assistant.
Tell a story about a magical journey to a far away land.
Explain why the cost of political TV advertising has doubled since 2004.
Please generate a paragraph on the topic of "Data Science".
Compose a 1-3 sentence description of a run-down apartment.
What was the most significant event in the history of philosophy?
Name three food items high in proteins.
Explain the concept of e-commerce.
Play a round of Rock-Paper-Scissors.
Analyze the imagery used in the following sentence: "The sun shone like a golden blanket over the landscape."
Summarize the book "The Catcher in the Rye" in one sentence.
Change the following sentence to past tense: She will finish the project soon.
Name three major rivers in South America.
Describe the exoplanet Proxima Centauri b
Name a tech trend that has been most impactful over the last 5 years.
Summarize the main points of the article "How to write an effective resume".
Write a story about a witch's magical broom.
Rewrite the following sentence to make it more concise:  "The development of technology has revolutionized our lives in many ways and changed the way we think and interact with each other"
Create a tweet with the hashtag #SmallActionsMakeADifference to promote sustainable development.
Generate a list of 8 ways to reduce CO2 emissions
Find two facts related to the team of scientists that discovered the neutron in 1932.
Generate five different ideas for a 'save the planet' public campaign.
Generate a biography of Malala Yousafzai.
Write a 10 line poem about french fries
Generate a complex sentence using the words "darkness" and "energy".
Compare the economic development in China and India.
Examine the differences between an LLC and a C-corporation.
Create a general plan for a picnic in a park.
Describe your morning routine.
Rewrite the following sentence using imperative form: "Please don't forget to take your umbrella in case it rains."
Compare and contrast unsupervised and supervised learning models.
Develop an algorithm that can recognize handwriting.
Create an outline of the steps to create an essay.
Write a blog post on how to deploy machine learning models.
Greet someone on their birthday.
Describe the purpose of data mining.
Generate a fortune telling prediction.
Describe the challenges surrounding software development.
Identify the geography feature of the following location: Egypt
Write a piece of advice for someone going through a difficult time
List some features a digital assistant should have
Name three advantages of a content delivery network (CDN).
Draft a tweet that has the hashtag #humanrights
Analyze the environmental impact of plastic bags.
Generate a list of 3 possible research topics related to GPT language models
Name three aspects of customer service.
Generate a sentence using the following input words: squirrel, pickles, cottage.
Develop a program to monitor online fraud
Write a sentence to express admiration.
Compose a melody for the song "Happy Birthday".
Give me a motto that relates to dreams and ambition.
Generate a list of potential flowers for a wedding bouquet.
Write a haiku about an autumn evening.
List five causes of poverty
Summarize the reasons people watch Netflix.
Describe the motivation and benefit of open source software development.
Arrange these words to make a meaningful short story: "cat, midnight, bat, forest, hide"
Find the best sports car that costs less than $30,000.
Suggest 5 unique and social distanced date ideas.
How could technology be used to address the problem of climate change?
Name three animals that lay eggs.
Provide an example of a long range communication device.
Suggest two tricks to remember a speech quickly.
Give two examples of ways to save money when grocery shopping.
Give an example of a reliable source to use when citing information in an essay.
Construct a mathematical equation that represents a linear relationship between two variables.
Divide the following numbers into two sets: 3, 5, 7, 11
Recommend a healthy snack for work.
Propose a solution to increase public transportation ridership.
Provide a museum in the United States where people can visit.
Generate a story about a child's first day of school
Evaluate the effectiveness of American Public Education.
Give one example of a technological advancement.
Return a list of 5 things that someone can do to reduce carbon emissions.
Write a movie review of the movie The Grand Budapest Hotel
Add 5 interesting questions to a trivia game about food.
Generate a list of actions that can help keep the environment healthy.
Name three traits that make a good leader.
Explain the consequences on a family when a father turns to crime.
Describe a way to make the tastiest taco.
List three of the rights listed in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen
Explain what hidden layers are used for.
Describe a zombie apocalypse in 2 sentences.
Create a guide on how to successfully pitch an idea
Generate a business plan for a startup in the financial services industry.
Explain why it is important to reduce your carbon footprint.
Identify the time complexity of the Insertion Sort algorithm.
What is the most common type of sneaker for men?
Come up with a sentence that describes a hypothetical benefit of reading.
Calculate the area of a right triangle with base length of 5 cm and height of 3 cm.
Who were the Roman Emperors?
What's the purpose of a strategic plan for a company?
Describe what is artificial neural network
Describe the apparent motion of the Moon in the sky at night.
Write a description of a magical castle in an enchanted forest.
Formulate an experiment for testing a new bot for making appointments.
Generate a list of interesting facts about the location of the Grand Canyon.
Who led the French revolution?
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise and direct: "The professor lectured for two hours and at the end gave the students a final assignment which was due the following week"
A customer is asking for a refund. Write a polite response.
Provide 3 pieces of advice for someone who is struggling to stay motivated in their studies.
Rewrite the following sentence so that it has a different meaning: Dracula is a vampire.
Write a sentence about the importance of environmental conservation.
Create a visualization that highlights the differences in income between the top 5% and the bottom 5% of earners in the United States.
What is the world population?
Generate a short poem with the words “flower”, “colour”, and “smile”.
Come up with a storyline for a romance novel.
How many degrees of arc are in a circle?
Suggest a party theme for a 15-year-old girl's birthday party.
Sequence the steps of building a successful business.
Find a four-letter word that begins with 'c'.
What are some benefits of practising yoga?
Name all the red fruits that can be eaten raw.
Describe a character in a movie.
Create a poem of 6 lines that describes how a bee feels in the spring.
Generate a short story of an adventure in a magical forest.
Create a speech outline for a presentation on citizen journalism.
Generate a fake username using 5 characters long.
Describe the attributes of a pine tree.
Describe the role of microbes in soil ecology.
Edit the following sentence to make it shorter and more concise:   "Most of the internal projects that are created for the accounting department are completed during the actual work hours of the employees"
Name 3 forms of government.
Develop a public relations plan for a new fashion brand.
How does a professional chef cut a mango?
Refute the following statement:  "Climate change is not real."
Generate a list of ten professions in the engineering field.
In 100 words, describe the consequences of dropping out of high school
Suggest a meal that can be prepared in less than 30 minutes.
Name three advantages of using a spreadsheet program.
Tell me about a significant figure in Asian history.
List three of the most dangerous jobs in the US.
Distinguish between the terms "density" and "mass".
Compose a user manual for a 10GB laptop
What is symbolic AI and how is it different from machine learning?
Suggest a reading list for 8 year olds.
Answer the following research question: What were the key events in the Vietnam War?
Compare the production costs of a digital product and a physical product with respect to the climate.
Reword the sentence: "The traffic was heavy during rush hour".
Rewrite this sentence without changing the meaning: "Online learning has been proven to be an efficient way of getting an education."
Create a function that takes three parameters and returns the greatest of them.
Describe a city that has the perfect balance of work and life.
Make a list of five questions to ask a hiring manager in an interview.
Cite three non-English sources for a research paper on ancient Greek mythology.
For each statement provided, classify whether it is true or false.  1. French is the official language of France. 2. The currency of France is euro.
Explain one advantage and one disadvantage of owning a pet.
Suggest a recipe that has less than 500 calories per serving.
Construct a persuasive argument for the importance of biodiversity.
Generate 3 questions to ask a potential employer during an interview
Create an example of a sentence using the word "fantastic".
Name three nutrients found in bananas.
Give your opinion on the statement: "Climate change is a hoax."
Name a vegetable that grows in the ground.
Determine the structure of a DNA molecule.
Evaluate the following claim: "The ocean is a renewable resource"
Compare and contrast the characteristics of synthetic and natural fibers.
Create an AI chatbot
Name three factors that influence a customer's decision to purchase a product.
What would you do if your car breaks down on a highway?
Find the equation of the ray passing through (–1, 3) and perpendicular to the line y = 4x + 9.
How would you reduce the cost of production?
Create a profile on Facebook
Find the difference between 11/80 and 0.13
What is the first prime number greater than 100?
Explain how neural networks learn.
Predict the weather for tomorrow in San Francisco
Construct a decision tree to classify different types of animals.
Describe an event where a person shows integrity.
Suggest a creative way to get more customers to follow the company on social media platforms.
Develop the concept of wanting to travel to a foreign country.
Generate three plausible ideas for a new product or service.
Create a list of five actions that can be taken to combat global warming.
Explain how free will exists in the face of determinism.
Outline how new AI-driven projects can be tested for inappropriate content.
Find two solutions to reducing air pollution.
Name the first step to winning a debate.
Identify the type of quadrilateral formed by the points (1, 2), (3, 4), (5, 10), and (7, 6).
Write a personal reflection on the impact of climate change.
Outline a strategy for starting a small business.
Create a list of three different strategies for handling customer complaints.
Make a list of adjectives that can describe someone who is outgoing.
Construct a valid English sentence that uses the phrase “as a result”.
Compose a rap verse about a topic of your choosing.
Find the synonym for "abhor".
Name ten countries with a population greater than 50 million.
Provide an example of a tragedy from history.
Come up with five steps for creating a website.
Describe the origins of the Great Wall of China.
Explain how the ancient Egyptians were able to build the Great Pyramid.
What is the average rainfall in Toronto, Canada?
Give an example of a situation where someone used their creativity to solve a problem
What do you understand by AI explainability?
List out the steps to learn a new language
Describe the character traits of a successful individual.
Compose a musical piece that has a dreamy atmosphere
Name a fictional character that is brave.
Describe 3 ways in which AI can help manage inventory levels.
Create a web page interface for a photo editing application.
Make a list of three endangered species.
Write a css rule to change the color of all links in the document.
Name two ways to aerate soil.
Generate a title for a story about a person who interviews for a job.
Describe the procedure to start the server.
Imagine that you are giving a presentation. Write down the opening line of your presentation.
Develop a program to generate a random set of numbers from 1 to 10.
Create an appropriate response to someone who made a mistake.
Calculate the product of 3 and 5 using a given programming language
Name and define the five freedoms of the First Amendment
Create an advertising slogan for a pet food company.
Name a movie with a female lead
Identify the different types of lines used in art.
Describe the steps needed to set up a website.
What is the most common cause of death in the United States?
Provide an example of a data anonymization technique.
How would you go about creating a sentiment analysis tool?
Design an outfit for a glamorous evening out.
Investigate what options are available for testing GPT models.
List the steps you would take to build a machine learning model.
List three reasons why online education has become increasingly popular.
Generate ideas for decreasing waste generated by a clothing factory.
Compare the differences between a wooden and plastic baseball bat.
Design a prototype for a toaster
Give an example of something that could not be done with a GPT language model.
What is the function of an electrolyte in the body?
Which disease is more common among adults - diabetes or cancer?
Modify this sentence to make it a question:  "He inherited his wealth from his grandfather."
Compose an aphorism about life
Create a list of five fun activities for your family to do together on the weekend.
What Nobel prizes have been awarded?
What is the name of the theorem that states that a triangle's angles always add up to 180°?
Create an example of an algorithmic fairness problem.
What is the meaning of the phrase "rule of thumb"?
Come up with something funny.
Describe the differences between ferrets and rats as pets.
Describe the process for using natural language processing for text classification.
Design an experiment for testing the effectiveness of different marketing campaigns.
Develop a formula to compute the median of a dataset.
List 3 features of an effective website design.
Describe what a web crawler is
Define the term "black hole".
Explain the basic principles of relativity.
Explain the significance of the Battle of the Bulge in World War II.
What is magnetic levitation?
Calculate the following expression: 11*(5 + 8)
Provide a summary of Facebook's revenue sources in the fiscal year 2019.
Construct a job interview question that tests the awareness of an applicant about the initial public offering (IPO).
List 3 benefits of a loan.
Generate a dialogue between two characters, Jack and Susan, in a restaurant.
Find out what the stock price for Amazon is today.
Describe how ice melts.
Name one tool that can help with data visualization.
Construct a data table showing the differences between Keynesian and classical economics.
Imagine you have purchased a new car. Create a to-do list for prepping the car for its first drive.
Think of a scenario where a chatbot would be better than a human customer service representative.
Create a short biographical sketch of Nikola Tesla
Create a cartoon character that resembles a mouse.
Which planet is the fourth planet from the sun?
Create a problem that could be solved by an algorithm.
Can you come up with a pun related to the word "tingle"?
Generate a statistic about online education.
Design a survey to measure customer satisfaction with a new online store.
Rank the following three animals in terms of their speed: dolphin, frog, cheetah
Construct a three-dimensional model of a prism using a square base.
Explain the affect of global warming on the Arctic region.
Reword the sentence “She does not like school” without using the word “like”
Generate a creative scenario in which two characters (Alice and Bob) interact.
Identify 3 specific application areas in which a GPT is used.
Generate a title for a report on the importance of mental health.
Compose a sentence in Future Perfect Continuous Tense
What year did the American Revolution start?
Describe the current state of the US presidential election in a sentence.
Give me a list of five spices and their uses.
Create a single sentence that describes a feeling of relief
Construct a class to represent an airplane.
Give two examples of how technology has been beneficial during the COVID-19 pandemic
List 5 methods for teaching new concepts to students.
Brainstorm a creative advertising campaign for a new product
Tell an interesting story about a day in the life of an animal
Explain why carbon dioxide is known as a greenhouse gas.
Choose an appropriate title for a story about a cat who likes to chase butterflies.
Unscramble the following code "XIBQCVU".
Classify these three animals: lion, crocodile, and elephant.
Write a statement that could be used as a company mission statement
Given a number of 5, identify an example of a prime number which is greater than 5.
Describe the main responsibilities of a CEO.
What are three methods used to decontaminate soil?
Paraphrase the sentence: "April showers bring May flowers."
How does AI impact businesses?
Compose a song about a rainy day.
Name the most significant impact of the internet.
What form of art has been most widely adopted by modern society?
Construct a sentence that uses the following words: 'cow', 'abscond', 'flower'.
Name 5 animals from the rainforest.
Name an animal that can live in cold climates.
Construct a table including x-axis and y-axis
Choose three puns to use in a conversation with a friend.
Construct a research study to compare the effects of meditation and exercise on anxiety levels.
Make a list of five items that a person should always carry in their backpack
Generate an interesting way to reform laws concerning tax evasion.
Convert the number 2.5p to its exact decimal.
Generate a definition for the phrase "chemical reaction".
Change the following sentence from first-person to second-person: "I am afraid of the unknown."
What does the phrase "smaller fish to fry" mean?
Change the following sentence to the active voice: The presentation was given by our manager.
Name four types of supervised learning
Name two characters from the Little Mermaid
Write 5 tips for running an online business.
Name three famous American work of literature.
Brainstorm 3 potential applications for AI in marketing.
Generate 3 pros and 3 cons for visiting a new city
Tell me one advantage of using a pre-trained language model
Generate a list of strategies for improving customer service.
Name and explain three effects of climate change in Africa.
Generate a list of 5 action items to take when handling a customer's complaint
How does the Australian landscape differ from the landscape in Canada?
How many players can play a game of dobble?
Pick an appropriate title for a documentary about climate change
Write a short story about a rivalry between two people
Construct a game plan for negotiating a job offer.
Design a LinkedIn profile for a college freshman
Outline five tips to enhance a customer experience.
Name 5 famous composers from the Baroque era.
Generate a short story about a person in survival mode.
Analyze the new economic situation in India.
Choose a random number between one and ten.
Describe how to wipe down a kitchen counter.
Create a list of 3 protection techniques that businesses should use against cyberattacks.
Make a list of common problems faced by cats.
Name five dangers of space exploration.
Which company owns the website Hulu?
What challenges are faced when training a machine learning model?
Explain what is a neural network
Translate the phrase "never give up" into Spanish.
Write a short description of a park in the city.
Write a code snippet that creates an HTTPS POST request.
Compare the following two poems: "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost and "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe.
Find two advantages of using a search engine.
Generate an example of a practical application of the Monte Carlo method.
What type of books do you recommend?
Write a customer service response to address the following customer inquiry: "I received the wrong item, what should I do?
Generate a list of five resources on artificial intelligence ethics.
Find two recent news articles related to natural language processing
List the first five presidents of the United States of America.
Write an article about the current state of online education.
What is the relationship between human resource management and employee performance?
Give a five-step procedure for making guacamole.
Convert 53 km/hr to m/s.
Design a web page with two columns and a footer.
Write an algorithm for finding the sum of two numbers.
How can businesses use AI technology to optimize customer service?
Explain the process of debugging a computer program
Name two disadvantages of using a cloud-based data system.
Translate the sentence: "Je suis très content."
What is the chemical formula for water?
Generate a creative phrase related to technology
Write an algorithm to sort an array of unordered numbers.
List 5 reasons why it is important for students to learn coding.
Sort the following numbers from smallest to greatest: 8, 4, 5, 2
Describe a mature tree.
Describe the economic impact of World War II.
Find the biggest prime number less than 100
Find the ten most populous cities in the United States.
Name a popular internet meme.
Construct an algorithm to rank search results based on relevance.
Produce poetry about a summer day.
Write a short story involving two characters with opposite views.
What type of weather is associated with the El Niño-Southern Oscillation?
Explain what the stock market is
Spell out the full abbreviation "NATO".
Explain what a SIM card is.
Convert the number 720 to base 10.
Give a realistic example of a lifestyle that supports environmental sustainability.
Name three things a bee does.
Construct a regular expression that matches a five-digit zipcode
Create a business plan for a mobile app that provides educational services
Which elements of a project should you prioritize?
Explain the Stock Market to a 10-year-old.
Construct a story that combines elements of fantasy and reality.
Give me an example of a stochastic gradient descent algorithm.
Generate a list of chemical elements.
Compose a 10-second jingle
Generate 5 unique passwords that are at least 8 characters long
Who was President of the United States during World War II?
Describe how machine learning can be used to detect emotions in photos.
Create a list of questions to ask a patient during a medical consultation.
Compose creative message for 1-2 year-olds who just graduated preschool.
How far away is the Moon from Earth?
What chemical reaction occurs when baking soda and vinegar are mixed?
Sort the following numbers in ascending order: 12, 26, 83, 19.
Give me two opening sentences for a short story about an elderly couple.
Give an example of an AI-related ethical dilemma
Outline an argumentative essay on the topic of animal testing.
Brainstorm five possible solutions to an environmental challenge
How would you involve data visualization in product development?
Generate some topics related to finance.
How would you explain the differences between a modern home computer and a quantum computer?
Create a headline for a news article about the increasing number of people choosing a vegan lifestyle
Identify two methods to increase efficiency.
Simplify the following fraction 6/18
Create two sentences that use the verb 'persist'.
How can I utilize email marketing to promote a product?
Why is machine learning important for businesses?
How does the brain recognize faces?
Generate 3 potential domains for a travel website
Compare and contrast Apple and Samsung products.
Write an example of an editorial that discusses the disadvantages of online education.
Divide 19 by 4.
Write three questions to determine someone's relationship with technology.
Introduce yourself in a sentence, in an interesting way.
Name a type of rock that is made from cooled lava.
Explain the terms 'biased' and 'unbiased'.
Describe a method for evaluating a GPT model's performance.
Write a persuasive argument for why people should read more.
Design a flower bouquet for a wedding.
Create a detail description of a space station
Name 5 different types of fish.
Multiply 3 times 5.
List 5 websites for collecting data.
Come up with a creative name for an ice cream flavor.
Write a Python function that takes a number and returns the factorial of that number.
Name five Roman gods.
Generate a valid SQL statement to retrieve all the records in a table
Create a haiku about a football game.
List three advantages of using a virtual private network (VPN).
What is the difference between global warming and climate change?
Find the pun in this sentence: "A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat."
Write 5 sentences about a tree
Create a list of 10 breakfast foods that are high in protein
Edit the following sentence: "The house was green, but large."
Compose a letter to someone expressing gratitude for their help.
Create an sentence that follows the given structure: Noun + verb + adverb + adverb + verb.
Explain the difference between a stovetop and a pressure cooker
Write a haiku about your first day of school.
Generate a pizza recipe for 2 people.
Generate an appropriate response to the following instance message: "What’s the most popular sport in India?"
Propose three ways to minimize global warming and its caused effects.
What does 'blue-sky thinking' mean?
What is the first step in solving a Rubik's cube?
Come up with a survey to determine the overall mood of people in a given city.
Describe what is a basic income?
Tell me something interesting about the Boston Tea Party
Find 5 examples of irony in A Tale of Two Cities.
Generate a shopping list for 10 people to make grilled cheeseburgers.
Write a blog post about why robots can be beneficial for the economy.
Describe a unique way to cook a steak.
Describe the historic events that led to the formation of the United Nations.
Differentiate between artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning.
Give examples of positive and negative impacts of technology.
Suggest three adjectives to describe the character Warren from The Great Gatsby.
What is Fibonacci number?
Determine what percentage two thirds of fifty is.
Describe a potential risk of using artificial intelligence.
Name three books written by J. K. Rowling.
Create a sentence in the third person point of view.
Is it possible to observe the atoms and molecules directly?
Calculate X when 2X + 3 = 11.
Describe a technical issue that you encountered and how you solved it.
How to write an effective email subject line
Calculate the area of the triangle given its sides are 5 cm, 10 cm, and 8 cm.
Summarize the main points about HTML
Collect the names of the 10 most successful entrepreneurs
Write a website description for a fruit delivery service.
Give two examples of common fruits.
Give an example of a good use of technology to make our lives better.
What is the verb of "to look"?
Identify the pros and cons of using AI in healthcare.
Describe the species classification of a rose.
Define the term electric circuit
Give a detailed plan for a 30-minute exercise routine
Identify 4 websites that can be used to find a job.
Create a function that prints Hello World
Create a GIF that captures the excitement of a festival.
Name 4 common types of trees.
Describe the impact of cloud computing on business operations.
Construct a 20 word sentence using only adjectives
Explain why the Pythagorean Theorem works.
Describe how cryptocurrencies work in a few sentences.
Generate a story beginning.
Construct a SQL query to give the population of people aged between 20 and 30 in the cities of New York and Los Angeles.
Describe the colour yellow
Pick the main issues facing the global economy.
Describe a user interface best practice.
Make a list of 4 natural resources in the environment.
Suggest a new vocabulary word.
At what temperature should water be boiled?
Describe how machine learning can be used to automate mundane tasks.
Generate five English vocabulary words associated with the color 'red'.
Identify the type of verb in the sentence below: They will speak tomorrow.
Explain what causes an El Nino phenomenon.
Name three tools a software engineer could use to develop a mobile application.
Describe a way to persuade someone to buy a product.
How many minutes are there in 24 hours?
Construct a statement to argue why data augmentation techniques should be used for deep learning.
Compare the speed of light and sound.
How can I make sure I'm getting enough sleep?
Come up with a definition regarding the concept of democracy.
Name two world renowned artists.
Write a regular expression to match any number between 1 and 9
Create a fictional creature with three unique characteristics.
What are the advantages of using neural networks for predictive analytics?
Explain how a production company can encourage customer loyalty.
Find the highest peak in the world.
Give advice on how to ease a person's stress.
Generate a list of ideas of what people could do in their spare time.
Compare and contrast the beliefs of Buddhism and Hinduism.
Describe a common challenge for companies that are going through digital transformation.
Tell me a synonym for 'happy'.
Describe the view you will find at the beach.
Generate a list of five popular streaming subscription services.
Describe the three main perspectives of sustainable development.
Create a family-friendly recipe for pumpkin soup.
Sing a song about waking up.
Suggest a suitable title for a blog post about AI's applications in modern business.
Explain the main differences between an AI model and a Machine Learning Model.
List five of the most important elements of a persuasive essay.
Describe the events in the Battle of Midway.
Connect the dots to complete the following analogy:  Law : Justice ::
Generate a sentence that describes the purpose of a convolutional neural network.
Give 4 examples of input for a voice assistant for planning a family trip.
Given the sentence, "To become a better person, you must be patient and willing to learn," change it so that it becomes a question.
Describe the change-of-base formula in mathematics.
What is the area of a circle with radius 3 meters?
What is the oxidation state of Sulphur in Sodium Sulphate?
Describe in detail the process of creating an API.
How could data science help to reduce waste in a manufacturing plant?
Write a paragraph using the words "perspective", "integrity" and "diversity".
Explain what is the principle behind the electrical circuit.
Describe a successful business model for a company that sells handmade accessories.
Delete all punctuation marks from the following sentence: "She said, 'I'll meet you at 4 p.m.'"
Create a musical piece with a mood of mystery
Name five different websites that offer online streaming of movies and shows.
Describe the positive effects of sleep.
Generate a list of items that traditionally serve as toppers for birthday cakes.
Name two dignitaries who said speeches at the 2020 United Nations General Assembly.
Explain how a self-driving car works.
Differentiate between speed and velocity.
Explain how two materials of the same mass will behave differently when exposed to cold temperatures.
Revise this sentence to make it more succinct: "This situation is making me feel very frustrated and disappointed"
Rewrite the following text in an active voice: "The apples were picked by me".
Generate a list of benefits that cycling has on the environment.
Give appropriate input values to this equation: $y=2x^2 - 4x + 1$
Describe what behavior you think an AI assistant should have when talking to humans?
Find 5 words that describe the emotions of a person when they failed a test.
Compile a list of major cities in India
Outline the steps for effectively delegating tasks.
What is the product name for the iPhone 11?
Create a checklist of 6 steps that someone can take to relieve stress
How does one cite a book in APA style?
Compare the limitations of supervised and unsupervised learning.
Explain the meaning of the proverb "a born leader".
Design a product to help people manage their time
Formulate a valid math equation using the numbers 3, 4, and 5.
Compose a thank you card for a client
Create a digital photo album that shows the last 10 years of your life.
Provide five examples of animals that hibernate in order to survive the winter.
Propose possible ways to combat air pollution.
Explain the importance of physical activity for teenagers.
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why the prices of housing are higher in cities.
Brainstorm three new marketing strategies for a product.
Open up a discussion about a given topic.
Find the price of a leopard print dress from Amazon.
Name two government policies that could be effective in reducing pollution.
Suggest a way to store customer data securely
Generate a metaphor about creativity
What are the possible treatments for severe depression?
Suggest a title for a speech about how technology shapes our lives.
Imagine a horror story set in a castle. Describe its protagonist.
Design a mobile app that provides parents with resources and tips to help their children succeed in school.
Summarize the benefits of taking online classes.
Devise a plan to help children engage with online learning.
Write a sentence that uses a phrasal verb.
Propose an idea for an online game.
Write a JavaScript code to display an alert message when the 'Submit' button is pressed.
Generate 5 questions about the usage of a new smart phone.
Create an email subject that portrays urgency and a degree of importance.
Suggest a creative way to use the string “Frog” in a story.
Generate a poetic description of a cloudy sky.
Write a 500-word article on the importance of climate change awareness
Write a story about a prince who wants to save the kingdom from an evil dragon.
Add two multiplication equations.
Generate a poem that reflects the feeling of being overwhelmed
What is the importance of customer feedback?
Describe the challenges to effective performance management.
Determine the price per share for Apple stocks on October 14th, 2018
Analyze why the Industrial Revolution happened in England.
Find the 5 largest cities in the United States by population.
Make a list of 5 assumptions of the normal distribution
Design an alien creature for a fantasy book using basic shapes.
Compose a story about a girl on her journey to school.
Create a prompt that can be used to generate a story.
Generate a title for an article regarding the potential of AI
Create a character description for someone called "Trina".
What functions does a search engine offer?
Think of an innovative product that seems impossible right now.
Make an outline of a presentation on microservices.
Give an example of how the internet can be used to help the environment.
Compile a list of climate change solutions for businesses
Name a country in North America.
Create a snippet of code using Java, that would generate a random number between 0 and 10.
Name two tools used for data mining.
Provide an example of a third-person point of view.
Generate 3 plausible scenarios in which robots can be used in educational institutions.
Give me a rhyming couplet.
Explain the concept of password strength.
Describe the classic text editor "emacs" in a short paragraph.
Describe the setting of a romantic dinner.
Generate a random sentence based on the given context: She walked across the field.
Generate a thesis statement to support the following statement: Social media is a distraction for students in college.
Name a type of report business organizations must produce.
Describe the problems associated with plastic waste in 3-5 sentences.
Construct a for loop for printing out the values from 0 to 10
Make a list of 20 English synonyms for the word "intelligent".
Write a JavasScript program to reverse all of the words in a given string
Explain what a RESTful API is and provide an example.
Describe a scenario in which the instruction "Go outside" can have different meanings
Generate a list of possible ideas to capture engagement of a potential customer.
Create an example of an economic and a political issue
Provide a list of different tasks a GPT language model can complete.
How should you store fresh produce in the refrigerator?
Propose a solution to eliminate cheating in schools.
Explain a strategy to design a web application.
Summarize what you know about the Industrial Revolution
Design an experiment to determine how long it takes for bread to cool after it is taken out of the oven.
Describe the role light plays in photosynthesis.
Explain how design thinking helps organizations to innovate.
Find out what temperature is the boiling point of water.
What are the five most important qualities of a leader?
Explain the concept of transfer learning in Artificial Intelligence.
Compare the differences between the effects of the pandemic on traditional retail and online retail
Generate an example of a professional email that is requesting feedback.
Write an article about the benefits of using a language learning app.
Create a list of 5 interesting facts about the United States.
Generate a unique password that includes uppercase and lowercase letters, at least one special character, and a minimum of ten characters.
Create a short story about a person exploring the jungle.
Generae a poem about the ocean
Rewrite the following sentence using synonyms:  "It was a sunny day"
Generate 4 ideas for a mobile application.
What is the cultural significance of the Taj Mahal?
Write a description of a hot air balloon tour.
Construct an algorithm to find the largest number in a given array of numbers.
Summarize the novel 'Pride and Prejudice' in three sentences.
Generate a short story about a dragon searching for a lost treasure.
Create a list of five titles for a children's book
Calculate the cost of shipping a package that weighs 10 pounds from Washington, DC, to San Francisco, CA.
Explain what a reverse auction is
Compose an emotional thank you letter for your teacher.
Generate a causal argument that explains why solar energy is preferable over coal.
What should be the title of a cooking blog that is written by a health-conscious person?
Offer five different tips for staying organized.
Generate two new ideas for improving customer experience.
Find the first five multiples of 3.
Give two methods to reduce stress
Explain the concept of wave-particle duality.
Assemble this jigsaw puzzle.
Assume the given sentence is written incorrectly: "We invited guests to a party wearing formal clothes." Rewrite the sentence to sound grammatically correct.
Create a slogan for a political campaign using the verb "change".
Describe two possible long-term effects of climate change.
Create a flow chart for how to make the perfect omelette.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more vivid and put it into the past tense: The cat hopped up onto the table.
Summarize the current market situation
Identify two differences between a neuron and a glial cell.
Compose a signup form for a newsletter.
Select a reasonable example to show the output of a simple linear regression model.
Given the input, explain why students should learn coding.
Create a computer program to output all the possible combinations that can be made from the following letters: GDHAC
Compile a list of the top 10 highest grossing films of all time
Generate a phrase about having a good friend.
Generate a recipe for a five-ingredient vegetable soup.
Describe in your own words the experience of attending a research conference
Name a musical genre
Name three plants in the ecoregion.
Tell me who won the 2020 NBA Finals.
Generate a film title that matches with the theme of forest conservation
List four ways to make a PowerPoint presentation interesting.
What is the average altitude of the Great Barrier Reef?
Summarize the steps for creating a WordPress site
Propose an original solution to the problem of global warming.
Find the next number in the following series: 8, 4, 2, 1
Provide a comparison between British and American English
Develop a game plan to reduce waste.
In 50 words or less, explain what it means to have a growth mindset.
What kind of jobs would you recommend for a student looking to be flexible and get some work experience?
Give 3 tips to improve an online virtual presentation
Describe the main character of Shakespeare's play "Hamlet".
Generate a unique and appropriate hashtag for a protest rally
Write a SQL query to list out the unique department names in the database
Identify the independent clause in the sentence: The boy went to the store, and he bought an ice cream.
What is the third law of thermodynamics?
Name three political leaders from Russia.
What is digital marketing?
What are some methods you can use to combat post-conference fatigue?
Summarize the upcoming weather
Describe a datastructure that could be used to store employee records.
Predict the weather in Seoul, South Korea tomorrow.
Generate a blog post about traveling to a different country.
Generate an appropriate apology for an error an AI assistant made.
Describe what is meant by the term “net carbon emissions”
Classify this sentence as "question", "statement", or "command".  What is the capital of France?
Translate "What's your name?" into French.
How recycling affects the environment?
Generate an example of a formal email.
Come up with 5 new ideas for a product design.
Generate a new English word.
What parenting techniques help children develop important qualities?
List three ways to promote sustainability.
Guess the next line of this poem: “The sun shineth bright and the sky is blue, __”
Create a tweet that says something nice about your friend
Calculate the sum of 1, 4, and 9.
Describe one benefit of a home garden.
Suggest a title for a short story with the theme of "redemption".
Explain why eating healthy is important to overall health.
Convert the word discovery into a noun
Compare dogs and cats as pets.
Come up with 5 plausible consequences of artificial intelligence (AI).
Name three emotions we feel when it rains.
Generate 5 writing prompts.
Create a list of five essential learning materials for a computer science student.
Describe a situation in which two people might disagree but still work together to solve a problem.
Create a query to find the number of people who subscribed to a newsletter in the last year.
Describe how a web server works in 2-3 sentences?
Create a unique greeting using only classic English words.
How long does it take Earth to make one complete orbit around the Sun?
Generate a story on the theme of family values.
Trading stocks has become increasingly popular with more people investing. Explain the risks involved with trading stocks.
Make a list of five questions that would help find out the feelings and opinions of a person when they are going through a mental health crisis.
List 3 tips for saving energy at home.
Create an explanation of how a computer can recognize human faces.
Describe the structure of a three paragraph essay.
Rewrite the sentence "He is a smart person" in passive voice
Provide an example sentence for the use of the phrase 'lo and behold'.
Generate an antonym for the word 'stoic'.
Come up with a creative sentence to describe a summer day.
Generate a famous quote that is related to friendship.
Construct a linear programming problem that maximizes the profit from selling a certain product.
Find the total number of countries in North America.
How many oceanic plate boundaries are there in the world?
Write a SQL query to return the latest order placed by each customer.
List three features of an ideal customer service system.
Classify the following statement as either True or False: “It is always colder at night than during the day.”
Explain the carbon cycle in three sentences.
Generate a sentence that explains the concept of natural language processing in three words or less.
Generate a list of activities to do at home
Come up with a creative way to make use of a banana peel.
Classify this sentence as positive or negative: "The customer service here is terrible".
How did the abacus calculate numbers?
Write a story about a princess travelling across the sea to find true love
Write a description of the painting "Starry Night"
Choose the correct and complete sentence:  A) Maria was supposed to meet me at the station B) Maria were supposed to meet me at the station
Pick three colors that contrast each other.
Translate the sentence "Les enfants jouent avec leurs jouets" into English.
Identify the equation of the circle with centre (2, –3) and radius 7.
How do you create a linked list in C++?
Calculate the number of weeks in three months.
Generate a list of 5 names of cities from New York.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise:  Although the summer festival was fun, it was still an overwhelming experience.
How does photosynthesis occur in plants?
Compile a list of five strategies for increasing online sales
Suggest a programming language to start learning.
Generate a list of technology-related terms that are associated with Artificial Intelligence.
Write a middleware program to filter all incoming requests on a website
Create a neural network for recognizing cat's and dog's photographs.
Write a haiku about being happy.
Generate a story about a person who uses the stars to communicate with their loved ones.
How many times can the letter "a" appear in the English alphabet?
Compare and contrast the use of web technologies between web 1.0 and web 2.0
Describe the physical and mental effects of caffeine on the human body.
Provide an example of a code written in Java that prints out the current date and time.
Please write instructions for setting a timer for 15 minutes.
Compare and contrast socialism and communism.
Describe a new kind of business idea that could be successful.
Describe a character trait of the villain in the story.
Calculate the average of the numbers in this list: 8, 6, 5, 9
Can you explain how blockchains work?
Find 3 new and creative ways to use banana peels.
Summarize the story of "The Three Little Pigs" in two sentences.
Describe the current condition of the global economy
Pick a common misconception about the space industry and explain why it is untrue.
Generate a design logo for a store that sells outdoor camping equipment.
What is the role of psychology in healthcare? Output the response in less than 100 words.
Generate an excuse for not coming to work
Create a song in the key of C major.
Suggest a title for the following essay:   This article examines the role that the internet has played in revolutionizing the way businesses communicate with customers.
Generate five persuasive words to use in a persuasive essay.
Describe the significant events that have taken place in the United States in 2000.
Explain the concept of short selling.
Write a story about the magical properties of rainbows.
Summarize the poem "The White Cliffs of Dover".
Name five positive physical traits.
What is the history of the Atlantic slave trade?
Detect entities from this text  Yesterday afternoon, Amazon Web Services went down in the US-East-1 data center in Virginia.
Find proof for the following statement: All humans are born with an innate sense of morality.
Design a program for drawing basic shapes.
Explain why computer programs need debugging
Describe the atmosphere of a busy city on a Sunday afternoon.
Suggest the best practice for using encryption for secure data storage.
Explain the difference between a data scientist and a machine learning engineer.
Generate a story about a prince who decides to fight an evil dragon.
Generate a list of five items that a software developer shouldn't forget to include in their project.
Generate a random sequence of 12 letters.
Provide a list of tools that are essential for web development.
Design a dashboard display to show the weather forecast for the next 5 days.
Tell me an interesting history fact about USA presidents
Imagine an alien species. Describe its physical anatomy in detail.
Calculate the area of a rectangle with length 5 cm and width 8 cm.
Find the nouns in this sentence: The little girl was delighted by the bright blossoms.
Write a code to create a class called 'Dog'
How many different colors are in the British flag?
How many possible arrangements are there for the word “SUPER”?
Evaluate the following statement: "Money is the key to happiness".
Describe a Renaissance painting in detail.
Give me a recipe for a delicious peach cobbler.
Provide 2 examples of alliteration.
Generate a title for a story about a young adult who discovers their superpower.
List the advantages of Machine Learning compared to traditional programming.
Find the average monthly salary in France.
Compose a tweet that conveys enthusiasm for a new product
Explain the meaning of the idiomatic phrase "One man's meat is another man's poison".
Explain the purpose of principal component analysis
Write an article about the relationship between mental health and eating habits
Construct an appropriate regular expression for a valid email address.
Predict what impact the adoption of A.I. will have on the job market.
Provide an example of a polygon that has six sides.
Write a persuasive essay about why people should eat more fruits and vegetables.
Name three iconic landmarks in California
Convert the following text into present perfect: "He sells newspapers"
Describe a baseball game using 6 adjectives.
Generate an example for the concept of hyperparameter tuning.
Explain what it means to have a "healthy lifestyle"?
Identify two downfalls of using public transportation.
Mention five characteristics that make up a successful software development project.
What is the temperature of a typical summer day in Tokyo?
Generate a 5-word metaphor for loneliness.
Compare the features of a web server and an application server
What is the power output of a nuclear power plant?
What is a characteristic of a good leader?
You are given an empty room with a bed. Create a list of five items needed to furnish the room.
Generate a speech to encourage people to stay environmentally friendly.
Compose a poem of 10 lines in the style of a Haiku.
List the advantages of virtualization in the cloud.
Explain how the internet works.
Recall a past customer service experience that you had.
Name a musical instrument that starts with the letter C.
Compile 4 actionable advice on managing a remote team.
Who won the 2020 UEFA Champions League?
Resolve the following algebraic equation: 12x + 6 = 66
Outline the steps to solving a system of linear equations
Write the new lyrics for "Happy Birthday".
Extract information - what is the price of a one-way ticket to London from New York?
Explain the impact of automated customer service using GPT-3 on customer satisfaction.
Generate a set of 10 test questions from the topic "American History".
Summarize the story of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Describe the emergence of Chatbot technology.
Explain why it is important to stand out as an employee.
What types of products can be made with 3D printing?
Generate 10 different topics that could be used to start a conversation.
Compose a tweet summarizing the movie "The Matrix" in 140 characters.
Generate a list of five things an astronaut might take to the moon.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how satisfied are you with your job?
What are the current trends in online marketing?
Suggest a way to save energy in a hospital
Generate an original horror story with a minimum of 100 words.
Compose a poem in the Haiku style.
Come up with a list of 5 job interview questions related to customer service.
Convert 0.45 meters to centimeters
Outline the steps to successfully launch a startup.
Describe the cuisine of the typical Australian restaurant.
Calculate 45% of £150
Describe how an aerosol spray works.
Create an original analogy to explain the concept of 'data abstraction'.
Write a logic equation
Brainstorm three creative marketing campaign ideas for a frozen food company.
Compare the countries India and Japan in 5 sentences.
Create a ten-word poem about joy.
Construct a pseudocode for the following problem: Write a program to calculate the average of three numbers.
Generate a plausible recipe for chocolate chip cookies
Make an analogy of what it's like to have a pet dog?
Please generate two 5-digit prime numbers.
Identify the common characteristics of a healthy diet.
Calculate the area of a 20 foot by 40 foot pool.
Suppose you are writing a program for an item catalog. Model a class for that purpose.
Name five ways to stay safe online.
Describe a specific security risk that could occur in an online system.
Make a list of 10 unskilled jobs with the highest turnover rate.
Arrange the following numbers from least to greatest: 9, -3, 15, 0.
Outline the steps for cleaning and sanitizing a kitchen.
Suggest five exercises I can do to improve my physical health.
Explain why it is important to understand basic geometry in AI.
Design a program for forecasting international weather.
Generate a list of five books that would be great for a 10-year-old.
Name three different chemical elements whose symbols begin with the letter 'C'.
List three examples of mythological creatures.
Generate an inspirational quote about success.
Suggest a way to practice time management.
Identify the risks associated with artificial intelligence.
Explain the concept of 'peak experience'
Write a script for a 5-minute presentation on the importance of recycling.
Name and describe three tools used to measure the success of a website.
Make me laugh with a funny limerick.
Suggest a strategy to deal with stress.
Create a function to calculate the circumference of a circle
Determine if 3 is a prime number.
Generate a creative description of a sunset in the beach.
Name a noun which means the same as 'liar'.
Summarize the story of Romeo and Juliet in one sentence.
Generate an automated message for a customer that thanked them for their purchase.
What are some of the key characteristics of a competitive market?
What is the average annual salary for a customer service developer?
Create a tag line for a website that sells books.
Generate a headline for a news article about the rising cost of healthcare.
Edit the following statement: 'Everyone are special'.
Describe how Napoleon Bonaparte rose to power.
Create a family tree showing the different members of your family.
Generate a list of countries in the continent of Africa
Suggest an English name for a baby girl with the characteristics of being strong-willed, confident and independent.
Write a short poem about the joy of friendship.
Come up with three new words and their definitions.
Create a persuasive sentence about solar energy.
Generate a headline for an article that discusses the implications of recent advances in artificial intelligence
Name the languages which uses the Latin alphabets
Predict the consequences of homelessness in the United States.
Find the 3rd term in this sequence:  2, 5, 8, 11
Identify five different types of fruits.
Generate a code to display a table with two columns.
Find the average salary of data analysts in the USA.
Write a short story related to technological advancement.
Put the words "dense", "mountains", and "green" into an inspiring sentence.
Explain the relevance of the Pythagorean Theorem in the real world.
Generate a tweet about fashion trends for the summer.
Name a book by J.K. Rowling.
Find the most densely populated cities in the world.
How much pressure is exerted by a force of 2N?
Generate a joke about a professor
Select two favorite books that you would recommend to someone interested in science fiction.
Make a list of the eight planets in our solar system
Compare the differences between HTML and JSON formats.
Construct a sentence with the following words: personification, monochrome
Name one country that is part of the European Union
Which month of the year is the first of the four major US holidays?
What are common types of rhyme?
Name the seven days of the week in Spanish.
Write an annotation for a website about animal conservation.
Create a mnemonic (memory aid) for the word 'memory'.
Summarize the historical events underlying the current immigration debate
What is the safest online behavior for children?
Create a template email to follow-up with a customer after they have made a purchase.
Calculate the surface area of a pyramid with base edges of 8 cm and height 12 cm.
Describe how robots can be used in hazardous environments
Choose the best answer to why continuous prompts display waywardness.
Create a system to track international flight schedules.
What is the basic goal of a mutual fund?
Describe a sunset you have seen in the past.
Compare the political systems in France and Germany.
Design a blog post that promotes the benefits of a vegetarian lifestyle
Identify 3 ways tech has improved healthcare.
Find the probability that a two digit number is divisible by 3.
Generate a list of three uses of big data
Name two pros and two cons of using artificial intelligence.
Describe a potential use case of a chatbot.
Find the most suitable name for an e-commerce website.
Compare and contrast feudalism and capitalism
Write a story with the theme of accepting change.
Tell me three information security advices to protect personal data
Produce a definition for the idiom "a stones throw away".
Create a list of five items to buy in preparation for a hurricane.
Write a email to an online store demanding a refund for an item that you recently purchased.
As a financial planner, provide tips for saving money for retirement.
Explain the concept of 'free will' in 2-3 sentences
Compare the educational requirements for becoming an accountant and a lawyer.
What type of error will occur if a program is not working as expected?
Compare the characteristics of a manager and a leader
Generate a funny story (title and content in <100 words) about a hedgehog visiting a sushi restaurant.
What does an ideal CV look like?
Generate a valid C++ code to print out a two-dimensional array
List the main components of a computer and provide a brief description of each
Generate a sentence that starts with "The sun was shining".
Find a synonym for the word 'start'.
List a few items to include in an emergency car kit.
Explain the concept of a “pooling layer” in a Convolutional Neural Network.
Write a brief description of fireworks.
Describe a character trait of someone who is generous.
Design a superhero that has the power of telepathy.
Calculate the total cost including taxes of buying 6 items at $10 each.
Brainstorm a list of topics you could discuss during a job interview.
Formulate a hypothesis that explains the decline in honeybee populations.
How can you use technology to improve your customer service?
Generate a list of five vegetables to cook for a healthy dinner
Create a recipe for a nutritious breakfast smoothie.
Predict the stock price of Google next year
Analyze the trends of the S&P 500 in the last year.
Create a data visualization to show the trend of COVID-19 cases in your country.
Given a list of numbers, develop an algorithm to find the maximum sum of a subarray.
Create a logo that conveys innovative, creative and cutting-edge technology.
Describe the causes and symptoms of depression.
Suggest some activities for a day out at the beach.
Devise a strategy to reduce the time needed for software packaging
How should one promote their business online?
Generate a list of three social events that someone could attend in the next month.
Write a dissertation abstract about the impact of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Create a list of three vegetables that are representative of the Mediterranean cuisine.
Design a logo for a company that produces automotive parts.
Name one example of unstructured data.
Name two component of a computer system.
Reword the sentence: "I'm not able to figure it out"
Create a table showing the population of each continent
Generate a phrase that describes a group of people
Reword this sentence to give it a different meaning: Birds fly in the sky.
Calculate the total cost for 10 boxes of apples at $2 a box.
Generate a couplet that evokes the feeling of spring.
How has the usage of the word "data" changed since the introduction of the internet?
What would be the most important thing to consider when applying for a loan?
Name 3 types of ecommerce websites and provide an example of each.
Generate a conversational statement to introduce yourself to a group of people.
Give an example of a situation where a computer could interact with a person
Propose solutions to reduce air pollution
What is the role of the Supreme Court in the United States?
Suggest an alternative word for 'angry'.
Compose a poem that encapsulates the feeling of joy.
Generate a creative marketing slogan for an online shopping website.
Write a script for a 5 second bumper for a children's cartoon.
Which languages does Google Assistant currently support?
Explain why digital currencies are gaining popularity.
Describe the function of an artificial limb.
Describe a friend of yours using a simile.
Create a tweet about the latest trend in the tech industry.
How would you be monitoring and evaluating the performance of a GPT model?
Describe the political situation in France.
Describe the historical background of the Hippo signaling pathway.
Analyze the themes in this movie: Star Wars.
Explain the differences between the Central American countries and the South American countries.
Name 3 diseases caused by poor hygiene and sanitation
Compose a mini story in 2-3 sentences using the words "window" and "cloud".
Describe what the Indian removal policies were about.
Explain how entrepreneurs utilize crowdfunding.
Compare and contrast the political systems of the United States and Canada.
Write a story about a person whose life changed in an unexpected way.
Generate a code that prints out a 10x10 multiplication table.
Write a story about a lost bird who is looking for a home.
Create a crossword puzzle using knowledge of the biodiversity in the Amazon Rainforest.
Generate a list of five strategies to improve customer satisfaction.
Generate a blueprint to build a bird feeder.
Prepare a business plan outlining a new mobile application
Write a script for a 5 second dialogue between a waiter and a customer.
What is the current population of India?
Research and explain the history of cloud computing.
Name a US president who served during the Cold War
Is a strawberry a fruit or a vegetable?
Describe three ways to make a delicious sandwich.
Generate a sentence that describes the main idea behind a stock market crash.
Generate a soundscape of the beach
Write an article about the advantages of having a career in software engineering
Name the character that is featured in the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Calculate the sum of integers from 1 to 15.
Conduct research on Japan's history of capitalism
Create a joke with the punchline "That's why they call it a holdup".
Give an example of a best practice for email communication.
Rewrite the sentence "He was able to climb the mountain" in a positive manner.
Write a story about a day at the zoo.
What is the most popular clothing item sold during the summer?
List foods that contain protein.
List five reasons to use a tool like HotJar.
Identify and describe the different types tropical storms
Compute the sum of 7 squared and 8 squared.
Generate an example of a “Pay-What-You-Want” pricing model.
Choose one example to explain the concept of "diversification"
Create a web page with a heading saying: "Welcome to our website"
What is the best way to care for a bonsai tree?
Please suggest some strategies to break bad habits.
Compare consumerism and sustainable living
What are the differences between data explorative and prescriptive analytics?
Generate a song lyric related to nature.
Develop a plan to climb Mount Everest.
How can artificial intelligence (AI) help reduce healthcare costs?
Explain a genetic algorithm
Classify this article ("Soy, or soja, is a type of bean originating in East Asia, and is becoming increasingly popular worldwide") as either fact or opinion.
Generate an example to illustrate how sentiment analysis works.
Write a short review for the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Identify the scientific name for the creature in the photo.
Create a funny story that uses metaphors
Classify the following statement as true or false. 'Money is the root of all evil.'
Analyze and predict the future trend for a particular industry
Name the person whose birthday is on January 2nd.
Explain the two different phases of GPT training.
Produce a haiku about the following theme: summer.
Create a list of the top 10 advantages of living in a city
Construct an argument in support of the abolishment of the death penalty.
Generate a list of three outdoor activities one can do in winter.
Create a URL by appending the following string "black-friday-sales" to the domain "www.example.com".
List the names of three popular sports.
Name five sports and the countries they originated in.
Tell me one fascinating fact about dogs
Create a function that takes a number as an argument and returns a string.
Arrange the following numbers in ascending order: 9, 4, 2, 7.
Transform the text "The cat ate the mouse." into the past perfect tense.
Generate a unique and interesting fact about the pandas.
Explain the effects of automation on job trends.
Create a haiku with subject of nature.
Create a class in Java that implements a data structure.
What is the world’s first 3D printing pen?
Generate a short poem that contains 10-15 lines and the subject is "love".
Provide an example of a company using artificial intelligence to improve their operations.
Create a Halloween costume for a 10-year-old.
Simplify 6x - 18
Put the following words in alphabetical order: Elephant, Clock, Dog
Edit the following sentence:  The man was walking to the store quick
Wordpress is a popular blogging platform. Can you provide some Pros and Cons of using Wordpress for blogging?
Identify and explain three key strategies to avoid burnout.
Construct an analogy to describe the relationship between two members of a family.
Generate a natural language description of a storm.
Convert the number 1.168 into its binary format
Write a slogan that describes the importance of embracing diversity.
Generate a job description for an Artificial Intelligence engineer.
Suggest one synonym for the word "eliminate".
Create a new word to describe a person who likes being around people.
Come up with three different synonyms for the word “happy”.
Create a program to predict whether an email is spam given its text.
Suggest five suitable colors for a logo design.
How many books are in the Harry Potter series?
Write a blog post about the benefits of using a virtual assistant
List four foods that have a lot of iron in them.
Name the commonly used software development methods.
Given the following statement, generate a hypothetical scenario: "Excessive stress can lead to health problems."
Generate a comedic pun that involves the word "moon".
Calculate the value of four plus seven.
You are provided with this sentence, "The cat is running around the house". Convert it into a question.
Generate a recipe for a healthy meal that's easy to make.
Compare and contrast the skills needed for a lawyer and an accountant.
Name a food that is traditionally served during Thanksgiving in the US.
Describe an animal with the letter 'A'.
Explain the concept of chaos engineering.
Describe a time when you had to work together within a group to get something done.
Define what a neural network is.
Describe a computer virus and its effects.
Form a sentence using the phrase, "in the current climate".
Name three sports that originated in Japan.
Name the most popular Japanese dishes.
Name two other types of renewable energy besides solar.
What is the difference between a content management system and an enterprise resource planning system?
Construct a quiz question designed to test knowledge of the US Constitution
Summarize the process for writing a research paper
Write a list of actionable items that a sales team can use to increase their sales.
Create a reason why a customer might want to buy the product.
Provide 5 social media tips.
Devise a feasible plan for a sustainable city.
Rewrite the following sentence to use an appropriate idiom:  She wasn't paying attention
Create a list of seven tips for maintaining personal hygiene.
Provide an example sentence that uses the word “precocious”
Construct a thesis statement for an essay about a rise in cybercrimes.
Generate a list of 3 safety tips for using public transportation
Describe a time when you had to work together with someone you did not know well.
Generate a tweet that encourages people to wear face masks.
Describe how machine learning algorithms are used to detect fraudulent transactions.
Outline the characteristics of a successful team leader.
Think of a classic joke and tell it in 140 characters or less.
Edit the following sentence so that the meaning of the statement is reversed:   Sentence: Deforestation is beneficial for the environment.
Find and list 3 articles related to GPT models.
Edit this sentence to be more exact: “I want to get some food.”
Describe how technology has improved the healthcare industry.
Name 10 famous inventors.
Describe the scene of a boat in the middle of the ocean.
Generate 3 pointers on how to reduce food waste
Train the GPT to create a story with the title "A Day at the Zoo".
Choose two colors to go together and explain why they are a good combination.
Describe three web browsers.
Create a short advertisement for a new breakfast cereal.
Fill in the blank with the most suitable word: The ___ called to ask if he could borrow a cup of sugar.
What are the main ingredients of a guacamole recipe?
Describe the process for making a PB&J sandwich.
Name three organizations that are working to combat global warming.
Generate a minimum 5 sentence story about a teacher and a student who meet in a library.
Name three influential works of art from the late 19th century.
Write a story that's based on the following three words: eruption, rebel, rebellion.
What are the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms?
Compare and contrast the actions of a responsible citizen
Validate the following statement: 8 is an even number.
Write a story about a magical adventure that a group of children go on.
Summarize in 2-3 sentences about the main character of the novel "Romeo and Juliet".
Is "Their" the correct pronunciation?
Calculate the area of a rectangle of length 2 and width 5.
Paraphrase this phrase: "I don't have time."
Describe the importance of strategizing when making decisions.
Tell me a story about a time a superhero saved someone.
Generate a paragraph that explains the steps to build a Natural Language Processing (NLP) model.
Edit the spelling of the following words: "konw"
Generate a poem to celebrate freedom.
Rewrite the following sentence so that the verb is in past tense: Students are studying history.
Generate a word (noun) that rhymes with "heart".
Name 5 skills that the assistant will need to complete the tasks.
Construct a function to find the area of a rectangle.
How many bytes are there in a kilobyte?
Write a summary of the topic of "self-improvement".
Calculate the cost to fly from Seattle to Los Angeles
Summarize the poem 'The Road Not Taken' in two sentences
Write a query to find all the hotels in Chicago.
Tell me three interesting facts about Mars.
Design an app feature that encourages people to recycle.
Brainstorm possible ideas for a new app that promotes environmentally friendly lifestyles.
Tell me the name, release date, and director of the latest Spiderman movie.
Which policies should the government implement to reduce poverty in low-income countries?
Generate a list of five tips to maintain healthy hair.
Discover what type of weather tomorrow at 11 am in NewYork.
Describe your favorite vacation spot.
Generate an example of a data set with 100 records of customers and their corresponding occupations.
Assume that you have been given a personal assistant. Provide 3 instructions this assistant should follow.
Arrange these word in alphabetical order: "baked, zebra, river".
Provide a valid reason why I should exercise
Provide a persuasive argument for why animal testing should be banned.
Name three ways to create a more sustainable work environment.
Name five qualities of an efficient manager.
Imagine a character falling off a cliff. Explain what the character is feeling.
Describe why a company should invest in a CRM system.
Give two synonyms of 'solution'
Determine the population of China.
Suggest ways that someone can show compassion to another person.
Provide a detailed explanation of the Euler's formula.
Make up a creative name for a digital marketing agency.
Explain the purpose of an AI assistant in 2 sentences.
Explain how mobile phones have changed the world.
Name three common uses of Artificial Intelligence in the healthcare industry.
Tell me a story about a creature and its characteristics.
Explain the concept of abstract art.
List 5 common adjectives for describing a beautiful sunset.
Name 3 applications for artificial intelligence
Convert 3/2 to a decimal.
Explain the theorem of Pythagoras.
Compose a song about the first moon landing.
Come up with a fun way to do a science experiment.
Construct an algorithm for calculating prime numbers.
Describe the three branches of the US government.
Name one positive and one negative effect of global warming.
Describe an artificial intelligence system in short.
Design the basic layout of an infographic.
Explain the implications of deferred taxation
Generate an essay structure to demonstrate the impact of climate change on human health.
Suggest a few tools for content curation.
Create a children's story about a dragon that learns to dance.
Generate a passage that describes the experience of a student in a high school French class.
What is the purpose of iterative deepening in a depth-first search algorithm?
Describe the meaning of the proverb "Fortune Favors the Bold".
Create an interactive web page that allows users to search for books.
Design a customer loyalty program that provides points to customers for their purchases.
Give an example of a widely used service that uses implicit authentication.
What do scientists believe about dark matter?
Create a hint for the following game: "You are an astronaut and you have landed on a mysterious planet that you have never seen before.
How does the development of artificial intelligence affect society?
Name two computer algorithms that are commonly used.
Present an argument for why climate change needs to be urgently addressed.
Why do natural disasters occur?
Identify the major environmental problems humanity is facing
Identify five tips to improve computer security.
Compose a poem about a person who is facing a difficult situation
Create a meme summarizing the importance of maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Create a list of five items related to the field of cybersecurity.
Write the lyrics of a rap song about climate change.
Name 5 common sorting algorithms
Design a logo for a hypothetical safety app.
Answer this question: What is the smallest positive integer?
What causes an eclipse?
Create a list of the five biggest cities in China
Name a computer programming language that was created in 1990.
Describe in one sentence the political system of the US.
How deep is the Mariana Trench?
Identify the main characters in a narrative about a high school dance battle.
Compute the area of a rectangle where the lenght is 5 cm and the width is 2 cm.
List five different ways to be environmentally friendly.
Describe the meaning of the idiom: “Cut to the chase”.
Calculate the mean of the following set of numbers: 3, 4, 8, 12, 4.
Generate a marketing slogan for a car company.
What are the steps for solving a quadratic equation?
Summarize the history of the US Democratic Party
Explain the benefits of working remotely.
Predict what could be the new trend in fashion this winter season.
Classify the type of the following sentences: "I am going to work".
Construct a query to search for restaurants with the keyword "seafood" in the city of Los Angeles.
Write a short story about a grandmother and her grand-daughter.
Describe the concept of price elasticity of demand.
Generate five new words using the prefix "micro".
Code a function to determine if two strings are anagrams of each other.
Imagine that you are in a group of friends and need to come up with a creative activity for everyone to participate in.
How can someone start saving money?
Make a list of at least five distinct species of animals.
Create a recipe that can cook in less than 5 minutes.
Write an equation to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Generate a 5-sentence story about a scene inside a café
Describe the trend of mobile phone usage in the past 10 years
Propose a new way for people to reduce their environmental impact.
Name 4 techniques used for natural language processing.
Generate a unique résumé headline for someone with a degree in Finance and 10 years of experience.
Describe the different steps in aerobic respiration.
Create a code of conduct for a youth sports team
what is a typical software development cycle?
Design a KB-QA system for an online travel website
You need to design a flyer for an upcoming event.
Generate a series of visual and auditory cues for a time interval of ten seconds
Name a popular programming language
Suggest a method to improve concentration.
Create a list of books home-schooled children should read in 4th grade.
Describe a setting that would create a feeling of suspense.
Compare and contrast the differences between affordable healthcare systems in Canada and the United States
Answer this multiple choice question. What is the capital city of Finland?
Output some commonly used phrases in English which are associated with the word "sweet".
List four characteristics of a democratic system.
Write a C++ function for calculating the approximate area of a circle.
List five steps to writing a successful research paper.
Generate a list of five interesting topics related to technology.
Create an esitmated budget for a two-night hotel stay for two people for $450.
Create a famous quote.
Create a simile to describe a beautiful sunset.
How can we build a more efficient GPT model?
Identify and explain two effects of global warming.
Design a data structure to store words and their definitions.
Write a haiku poem of a serene beach.
Describe the experience of tasting a lemon for the first time.
Write a blog post highlighting the benefits of volunteering work.
Find the width of a square, given the length of a side is 15 meters.
According to the laws of physics, a ball thrown up into the sky will follow which trajectory?
Describe the relationship between a buyer and a seller.
Create a program the calculates the distance between two points.
Determine the average per capita consumption of beef in Germany.
Create a sentence describing a landscape
Name three vegetables high in Vitamin C.
The sun is setting and a beautiful sunset is visible in the horizon, describe it in two sentences.
Give the full form of MRI
Name a movie that features a protagonist with a disability.
Assign a type to each of the following words:   Balance, Conservancy, Synergy
Determine the number of calories in one slice of apple pie.
Tell me about the tallest mountain in Africa.
Write an 1850-word horror story.
Arrange the following elements in ascending order: 343, 17, 4
Compare the lifespan of a human and a dog.
How can effective communication contribute to an organization's success?
Describe a home cooked meal
Call out a publicly known figure who has promoted cyber security awareness.
Create a sentence using the words "green", "counter", "sneeze".
Formulate a hypothesis about the following situation: A sink is overflowing.
Rewrite the following sentence: " The consequence of failure was punishment for not doing the job correctly"
Create a plan that could be used to help someone quit smoking.
Develop an algorithm to solve the Tower of Hanoi problem.
Journal about a memorable moment from last year
Describe a method of converting solar energy into electricity
It is said that money cannot buy happiness. Why?
List five alternative sources of energy
Name a new business that would benefit from a website.
Create a machine learning algorithm to predict the demand for a product.
State the structure for a 5 paragraph essay
Suggest a preventive measure to avert the spread of Covid-19?
Find the average of 4, 8, 20 and 11.
Name three uses of digital technologies in education.
Tell me a few benefits of eating vegetables.
Create a jeopardy game based on the subject of computer science.
Generate a humorous or creative poem about a topic of your choice.
Generate a random story about a robot escaping a scientific lab.
Create a sentence that follows this structure: adverb, verb, adjective.
Create a multiple choice question related to the US Constitution
Write a story describing a magical journey.
Suggest a few ingredients for making a salad.
Generate a story in which a character has a difficult decision to make
Generate a new haiku poem based on the keywords ‘pool’ and ‘wave’.
Name 3 programming languages used for game development.
Please create a memorable mission statement for a charity organization.
How did the end of World War II affect British women?
Compare the American and French Revolutions
How can I use technology to improve my studying?
Generate a list of methods to reduce food waste.
Evaluate the following statement: "Studying all night is more effective than taking short breaks."
Generate a list of 5 songs to play at a party.
Form a sentence using the following words: run, quickly, dog
Explain what natural language processing (NLP) is.
Create a unique phrase that captures the essence of friendship.
Describe the differences between American Sign Language and British Sign Language.
Identify a limitation of GPT models
Analyze how consumer trends have changed in the past decade.
Name a computer system used to develop intelligent behavior in a machine.
Describe the capital of Mexico.
Explain how to use the GPT information to generate a response from an assistant.
Create a post for Instagram about a trip to a nature reserve
Describe the concept of "user interface design".
Name two features that you should look for in a good laptop.
Compose a tweet about your favourite sport.
Create a character description of Anna from Frozen
Write a script for a cartoon about a family of four discussing the environment.
Design a birthday card for a 7 year old.
Provide a list of data science libraries in Python.
Recommend a good beginner yoga class
Rewrite the sentence "He was able to dive deeper than any living being" in the past tence.
Design a poster about internet security.
Describe the process of geothermal energy production.
Come up with five creative strategies to market a new e-book.
Suggest a way to get instant relief from severe acidity
Approximate the value of 4√12
Write an algorithm to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle.
Name four items that you would find in a kitchen.
Differentiat between a leader and a manager
Generate at least 5 ways to reduce paper waste.
Create a website interface to help people find jobs.
Name three pieces of clothing that you might wear on a beach day.
Find three articles related to the topic of "AI and healthcare".
What is a Gantt chart?
Identify the different types of drugs that are categorized as depressants.
Generate an equation that will add 150 to -100.
List three people who have had a significant impact on the world.
Find a museum in Chicago to visit.
Generate a list of items that would be necessary to open a small restaurant
Provide an example of a technology that uses deep learning
Write a one-line haiku.
Describe the process of digesting food in the body.
Name three popular authors from the 20th century.
Train a logistic regression model with credit data.
Find patterns in the following numbers: 8, 16, 32, 64
What is the best example of a language family?
Generate a new paragraph about the Eiffel Tower.
Describe a type of bacteria found in the environment.
Rewrite the following sentence in the most concise manner:  We must always remember that we are but a small part of the cosmos, and that despite all of our accomplishments, we must act with humility.
Compare traveling by train and traveling by car.
Generate five descriptive words for a lion.
Compile a list of five books that explore the theme of identity.
Textify the following chart:
Configure a wireless router.
Describe the features of an effective time management strategy.
Name a famous televiosion show
Compare and contrast sociolinguistics and discourse analysis
Given a photograph, describe what you see in 2-3 sentences.
Explain why plants are essential for life.
Summarize the article "The Role of Artificial Intelligence in Everyday Life".
Write a script to calculate the product of two numbers
Summarize your findings after researching about AI.
Create a story about a person who is looking for a job and struggling with their decision.
Generate a list of ways to foster creativity in the workplace.
Describe the process for creating a new account on an online platform.
Analyze this sentence: "She blamed his unprofessional behavior on his lack of experience"
In your opinion, what is the most important thing in life?
Construct a proverb about the importance of learning
Answer the following question about Shakespeare. Who was the character Shylock in Shakespeare's 'The Merchant of Venice'?
What are the major components of an automated marketing system?
Find the most common last name in Australia
What is the main benefit of having a healthy lifestyle?
Create a new customer account for the customer Emma White.
Identify the prefix and the suffix Meaning of the word "uncooperative".
Speculate what will happen in the future in terms of technology.
Convert this sentence into passive voice: She demanded more time
Develop a menu for a romantic dinner for two persons.
Submit a headline of a news article that covers the latest developments in machine learning.
Compose a list of 10 activities you can do while staying indoors.
Design a logo using geometric shapes.
Write a CV profile summary for a job in software development.
Summarize the use of genetics in modern medicine with 5 sentences.
Rewrite the following sentence in the negative form:  He can do the task.
Create a story that's 100 words long beginning with the sentence "Once, there was a witch who had a spell book".
Is the sentence "I am going to the store to buy groceries" grammatically correct?
How would you phrase an apology to a friend?
Summarize the novel Moby-Dick in under 80 words
Write a short blog post on the importance of learning new skills
Outline the unique elements of a rock garden.
Name four continents in the world.
What is the scientific term for sound waves?
How are adjectives used in a sentence?
Make a sentence using the words "happy", "learning", and "journey".
Generate a roadmap to success
Write a code to detect the type of browser that is used to access the page.
Explain the difference between a web application and a native application
Describe a data structure that is suitable for storing a large set of integers.
How did humans first communicate?
What is an example of a short-term consumer goods stock?
Describe what is the meaning of the saying "practice makes perfect".
Generate questions to the statement: "A driving license is a legal document".
List three ways computers can help people doing their job better
List five advantages of having a mobile app.
How can a web developer add interactivity to a web page?
Spend five minutes brainstorming some new business ideas
Tell us about a new interesting invention.
Generate a piece of flash fiction.
Give me a strategy to cope with stress in the workplace.
Create a list of ten slang terms related to the internet.
Generate a valid JavaScript code to check if a given input is a positive number
Name three songs that have a similar meaning
Describe the upcoming weather forecast for tomorrow in two sentences.
Suggest five strategies for reducing stress.
Explain a development skill you have recently acquired.
Develop a system to generate content for a blog
Identify the pattern in the following series: 1, 4, 7, 11, ?
Generate a list of five outdoor activities to do during the summer.
Trace the origins of the English language
Explain the meaning of the term "confirmation bias"
Give me an example of a hashtag that might be used for a cosmetics company.
How do I treat a cold?
Write a creative introduction for a piece of writing about nature.
Suggest a color scheme for a living room
Explain what is the difference between knowledge and wisdom to a student.
Explain how email marketing can help increase sales.
Specify technical skills that are required for Data Scientist role.
Write a poem that must have 8 lines in it.
Provide 3 fun facts about the Grand Canyon.
Write a limerick poem
Identify the most important cause of air pollution in the cities.
How long has the Assyrian Empire existed?
Store a reminder to take out the trash every Tuesday in your calendar.
Make a poem on environmental protection
Explain the meaning of 'procrastination'.
Make a list of techniques for supporting diversity in the workplace.
Describe two steps that can help to reduce carbon dioxide emissions
Research what machine learning frameworks are available for GPT tasks.
Create a class with properties for a car.
What is the principle of the conservation of energy?
Find the first quartile of this set: 8, 10, 10, 11, 11, 13
What should viewers be aware of when following a fitness plan?
Find out the tallest mountain in Asia.
Generate a sentence using the words "daring", "despair", and "uncertainty".
Organize the following list by alphabetical order: pen, car, apple, house.
Generate a list of 5 books that teach children about emotions.
Generate a few suggestions to improve the local park.
Rewrite the following sentence as a question: She went to the store
What are the social and ethical considerations in artificial intelligence?
Given a dataset of customer purchase histories, identify the customer segment that is most likely to purchase again from the same store.
Multiply the numbers 3 and 5. Output the answer as an integer.
Outline the differences between a neuron and an artificial neuron.
Tell me about a famous writer.
Describe what artificial general intelligence is and how it differs from traditional AI.
Construct a Big-O notation to explain the complexity of a certain algorithm
Find a poem related to love and respond with a brief criticism.
Come up with a punishment for a child who misbehaves in class.
Rewrite the following sentence using the active voice:  The assignment was finished by the student.
Write the difference between a smartphone and a feature phone in one sentence.
Suggest three ways that the company can make its employees feel valued
Give me a classification of five types of HCI input methods.
What is a resume objective?
Identify the main subject of the following sentence: "The old man went fishing."
Explain what is the difference between a serif and sans serif font.
Summarize the following paragraph:   "The effects of climate change are wide-reaching and have been affecting the environment for decades. Every year, the changes become more noticeable and more pronounced, leading to a heightened risk of droughts, floods, extreme temperatures and weather-related disasters."
Find the word of opposite meaning to "Futile"
Give me an example of a maladaptive behavior in children.
Write a humorous one-liner about the advantages of having a dog.
Generate a list of five creative gifts for a seven-year-old.
Suggest some alternatives to processed foods.
List three techniques used to influence consumers to purchase products.
Write a summary in five sentences of the film "Pulp Fiction".
List five unique characteristics of a monarch butterfly.
Name 5 invasive species.
Explain why atmospheric pressure decreases as altitude increases.
Identify a common phrase between English and Japanese.
Identify three benefits of eating healthy.
Choose a name for a new software.
Come up with three plausible strategies to diversify a product offer.
Create an analogy to explain the cause and effect relationship between global warming and the destruction of the environment.
How does the digestive system work?
Who is the most populated city in Pakistan?
What are some tips for managing time efficiently?
Describe the stages a bill goes through before it can become a law
Generate a code snippet to store information in a dictionary data structure.
Construct an interesting sentence using the words "jubilant" and "Misfortune"
Identify the tense of the given sentence: "I had written a letter to my friend."
Given the sentence "I ran as fast as I could", output the verb of the sentence.
Suggest a title for a article on the topic of AI applications in the healthcare field.
What is the best way to attain financial freedom?
Describe a person you admire.
Generate a crossword puzzle
Create a metaphor to describe the process of finding the right career.
Find the largest lake in Africa.
Make a list of 10 criteria for evaluating a job applicant
How do computer networks work?
Name some of the ways in which technology has made our lives easier.
Describe the basic elements of a traditional Japanese breakfast.
Write an opening statement for a presentation
Explain why the color blue has been historically associated with sadness.
Write a review for the online store NicerShoes.
Generate a sentence that describes how technology has changed everyday life.
Create a joke using the following words: parachute, rubber band, waffle.
Generate a novel story that starts with the following sentence:  He had a spare ticket to the show.
What is the theme of the book 1984?
Create a shopping list for your next grocery store visit.
Describe a common strength of GPT models.
Generate a title for a news article about a new world record set in swimming.
Generate an opening paragraph for a story set in a magical land.
What is the difference between a salaried job and an hourly job?
Tell me a synonym of the word “strident”
Create a list of materials necessary for painting a wall.
Generate a recipe to make strawberry muffins.
Outline the main steps of a scientific experiment
Write a short story that begins with the sentence: "It was the last time she would ever set foot in the old house."
Generate an AI use case for a retail company.
Create a description for a cloud storage service that combines the features of Dropbox and Google Drive.
How does large data collection benefit society?
What are the benefits of hiring a virtual assistant?
Generate a list of at least 5 questions to ask a potential employer.
Explain in your own words why the Chernobyl disaster happened.
Create a list of five key points to consider when buying a car.
Describe your ideal vacation destination in four sentences.
Create a poem using a haiku structure.
Name five key elements of the United Nations' mission.
List five potential stakeholders that could be involved in the design of a new regional park.
Identify three key differences between a novel and a movie.
Generate an opening sentence for a persuasive essay about climate change.
Describe a famous city in your country and its most famous landmark.
Identify and explain 3 ethical considerations when designing a computer-based education system
What is the average atmospheric temperature on Jupiter?
Write a poem that conveys feelings of nostalgia.
Generate an opening statement for a sales pitch.
Which is the most popular programming language as of 2021?
Debate the following statement: Smoking should be banned in public spaces.
Generate a title for a story about a lost dog.
Generate three alternate titles for a story about the power of friendship.
Convert 1.5 kilometers to yards
What qualities do you need to be successful in a career in programming?
Can you list some cultural values of American society?
What strategies can you suggest for managing team dynamics between different personalities?
Explain the meaning of the idiom 'pulling someone's leg'.
List common signs of a virus infection.
List five benefits of using online banking services.
Describe the type of person a manager should select for a customer-facing role.
Find incorrect verb tense in this sentence: He was swimming in a pool.
Elaborate on why students should get involved in their school communities.
Write 3 sentences about a picnic you recently attended
Describe the main stages of the scientific method.
Tell me about the role of primary producers in an ecosystem.
Find the 10th letter of the following text: "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog".
Edit this sentence to use proper English: I dont think so
Generate a random number from 1 to 10.
List three benefits of eating at home.
Provide a list of 3 popular books from the year 2019.
Explain how search engine optimization (SEO) works.
In which areas of industry can machine learning be useful?
Rearrange the following words to form a complete sentence work, we, much, have, must
Name five Mediterranean countries.
Make a suggestion for a topic for a persuasive essay.
Describe a few advantages of using a neural network for machine learning.
Offer one suggestion to improve work productivity.
Compose a limerick about a snowman.
Generate 3 job roles for a film production company.
Search for information about the latest movie by Steven Spielberg.
Please give an example of a logic flow for a chatbot.
How can the use of predictive analytics benefit a business?
Explain why people buy stock.
Find the difference between the following two numbers: 876 and 953.
Compare and contrast the concepts of “need” and “want”.
Find the sum of the first 30 positive integers.
List all the elements in group two of the periodic table.
Find a Creative Commons photo that describes the concept of hot summer days.
Find the average price of a gallon of gasoline in 2020
Identify three benefits of object-oriented programming.
Generate a mathematical expression that uses the sum and product of two numbers and evaluates to 10.
Generate a fun memory game in which the player has to match up pairs of similar items.
What advantages or disadvantages of an artificial neural network in terms of scalability?
Create a shopping list for a family of four, who are on a budget but would like to make a variety of healthy meals.
List three reasons for using encryption technology for data storage.
Compute the product of integers from 2 to 10
Select a few words that describe yourself.
Define the word "oxymoron".
Write a function to find the longest word in a sentence.
Name four majors offered in California universities.
Generate a description of an animated inanimate object.
Summarize the current US Presidential Election.
Name five benefits of machine learning.
Describe the five stages of design thinking
List five factors that influence the cost of producing a good.
Describe the Apollo 11 mission.
Generate a list of security best practices for a company's website.
Provide a list of benefits of a plant-based diet.
Brainstorm a list of topics to write about.
Describe the structure and function of an N-Gram language model.
Name an African country that borders the Atlantic Ocean
Generate a job description for a front-end developer.
Outline three steps for creating a successful online resume.
Judge if the following statement is true or false: Trees lower air temperature
Compose a an original story using the words 'city' and 'river'.
Write an imaginative story
Write a regular expression that can match a valid email address.
Explain what is meant by the term "complexity" in the context of computer science
Explain how photosynthesis works in five steps.
Create a game plan to attract businesses to a new neighborhood.
Describe a virtual assistant in no more than two sentences.
Come up with two conversation topics that might be discussed between two people.
Imagine you have created a customer satisfaction survey. Generate a question asking about the customer's experience with the product.
What is the most efficient way to remove a virus from a computer?
Create a design for a web page about local movie theatres
Identify a popular hobby that teenagers enjoy engaging in.
Generate one sentence about the use of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Evaluate the pros and cons of AI for medical diagnosis based on your research.
Create a fictional story that involves a magical creature.
Explain in 100 words the concept of deep learning.
Evaluate the following statement: "The Eiffel Tower is one of the most recognizable monuments in the world."
Create a list of common pitfalls to avoid when making a presentation.
Generate 5 tips on how to improve your public speaking skills.
Generate a list of famous singers
Compose a two-sentence story about a witch in a small town.
Write a poem about winter in 5 lines.
Create a list of 10 tips for traveling in a new city.
How would you explain the word centrifugal force in one sentence?
When and why did the Vietnam War start?
Why is handwashing important to prevent the spread of disease?
Name a popular game that requires two players.
Generate a comically bad pun.
Look up an article about the current financial situation in the United States.
Compare and contrast the leadership styles of Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos.
Write a short paragraph summarizing the history of ice cream.
Generate a list of tools required for the task of making a chair.
Name three important figures in the American Revolution.
Compose a three line poem using the phrase “the night sky.”
Describe the process of how a computer generates a response to a query.
What would you do if you had to make a presentation but were not prepared?
Generate five-word sentences that provide a description of a person.
Report the scientific name for the African Elephant.
What are the main features of a gossip protocol?
Compose a one-sentence definition for the game "Inside Out".
What was the first dinosaur to be identified and recorded by scientists?
Write a story about a fisherman who lived in a small village.
Name three techniques for reducing stress.
Name something you can do with paper.
Describe the scene of the beach during sunrise.
Provide three strategies for reducing energy consumption.
Provide an example of a common application of AI.
What would you do to follow these safety protocols?
Describe how the role of history in today's world.
Name two European capitals.
Name three common methods of identity verification.
What is the gravitational force between two objects with masses of 10 kilograms and 5 kilograms?
Research about a famous scientist and provide a short biography about him/her.
Write a story about a journey that you made.
Generate a sentence explaining the concept of a decision tree algorithm.
Output the time the sun rises and sets in Los Angeles on June 21st.
List three principles of good design
Explain what Back Propagation is and how it works.
Tell me one positive aspect of the current world.
Compose a story based on the prompt: "The monster emerged from the darkness".
Write an email introducing yourself to a professor you will be taking an online course with
Generate a poem that expresses joy.
Create a list of 5 books that teens who are interested in programming should consider reading.
Identify a creative way creativity can be used to spread positive messages:
Proxy for the following sentence: "Humans have been using technology for thousands of years".
Construct a simple sentence using the following words: quickly, some
Construct a musical composition that has a theme of an adventure.
Generate a 5-word phrase that suggests success.
Which element from the periodic table has the symbol "Cl"?
Name 10 things to take camping.
Explain the role of the Executive Branch of the U.S. government.
Generate an intriguing headline for a blog post on artificial intelligence.
Generate a list of 10 marketing tips for a new e-commerce store.
List three ways that artificial intelligence can benefit your organization.
Find two effects of using plastic straws.
Give me an example of a product you considered buying but decided not to.
Determine the cause and effect of deforestation.
What is the primary benefit of using AI in healthcare?
Write a paragraph to explain the objective of online streaming platforms.
Identify 5 common mistakes to avoid when writing a cover letter.
Analyze the sentence "ignorance is bliss"
Generate an appropriate informal greeting for someone interacting with a virtual assistant.
Describe the meaning of the words "performance" and "success".
Create a motivational statement about how to reach success.
Generate a cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) technique
Suggest a creative name for a food delivery service.
Design an online course on HTML.
Rewrite the following sentence using passive voice: He found the lost key beneath the sofa.
Identify the differences between an amphibian and a reptile.
Write a persuasive essay about why the redistribution of wealth is necessary.
Describe the subjunctive mood in a sentence.
Create an outline for an article discussing the use of AI in healthcare.
Rewrite the following sentence ensuring it is grammatically correct: "They do not need no help."
Generate an appropriate lesson on mental health for children
Why is it important to know the environment of a place before visiting?
Come up with five key points about the following topic: 'psychopathology research'
Create a question to assess someone's personality.
Generate a creative phrase that describes a foggy morning.
Compose a tweet with the following words: Protest, Equality, Autonomy
In one to two sentences, explain the process of producing coffee.
Rewrite the following sentence: "He was so tired, he fell asleep."
What is bubble sort?
Suggest 5 healthier substitutes for red meat.
Convert 5 yards to feet
Create a web page design with a color palette of three shades of blue.
Split the word "balanced" into two words using prefixes and suffixes.
Write a few lines about a tropical beach.
Come up with three options for a team building exercise.
Name three animal species that are threatened due to human activity.
Explain why it is essential to use a surge protector when plugging in your laptop.
Name one natural resource that can be used to generate electricity.
Give two possible consequences of global warming.
Generate a two-word phrase that describes the color blue
Make a list of five of the world's most dangerous cities.
Find the area of a rectangle with sides of length 4 and 3.
List the functions of a news manager in a newspaper
Name a disease that is spread through contact with animals
Rewrite the following sentence in an informal way: "I am interested in participating."
Provide an example of a deciduous tree native to the United States.
Generate a story about a magical forest for children aged 8-10.
If tomorrow is Saturday, what day is it today?
Name 3 methods of preventing the spread of viruses.
Choose a 10 digit phone number that is not currently in use.
Compute the result of 3 ^ 8.
Suggest an alternative to using plastic bags.
What safety risks come with using a hoverboard?
Describe the colour blue in three adjectives.
Recommend a famous novel for a fourteen-year-old.
Suggest three ways to reach potential customers in an online environment.
Determine the optimal time for a company to launch a product to maximize sales
Find the mode of the following set of numbers: 23, 16, 22, 19, 24, 21
Describe the process for setting up a wireless network.
Estimate the cost of lodging for one night at a five-star hotel in New York City
Estimate an average time for cooking a boiled egg.
Suggest an interesting activity to do with children
Describe an experiment for testing the Intelligence Quotient (IQ) of a person.
How does GPT-3 work?
Compare and contrast the views on the death penalty of conservatives and liberals.
Describe the climate of the Sahara Desert.
Describe the feeling Marge is experiencing when she sees her daughter's first smile.
Give 3 examples of importance sampling.
When was the first successful powered flight made?
Create a dialogue between two characters in which one character encourages another.
Identify which type of sentence this is: "John walked to the store."
What is the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)?
Describe how the Internet of Things is used in the healthcare industry.
Identify the three most important elements of customer service
Compare and contrast the atmosphere of New York City and Los Angeles
Describe a frightening experience you had in the woods.
Generate 4 different vocab words related to the theme.
What will happen if we mix 100ml of water with 30ml of vinegar?
Design a car of the future.
Discuss the most important effects social media has on society.
Write a horror story that focuses on the fear of technology.
Imagine you are commanding a robotic assistant to purchase something online. Compose an instruction, in English, that could accomplish this task
Suggest five recommendations for improving the speed of a website.
Name some of the methods used to conserve energy.
Create a list of topics for an English class
Compose a headline and article excerpt about the rise of renewable energy.
Find a Twitter post from an account with over 100,000 followers.
Construct a data dashboard to compare sales figures across two different shops
Develop a metaphor for hope.
Form a collective noun for a group of geese.
What is a factor of 20?
List 3 major factors that increase the risk for developing Crohn’s disease.
Compose an email to a customer acknowledging their complaint and apologize for the inconvenience caused.
Name one of the four color families.
List four reasons why a person should consider starting a business.
Can you explain how to calculate mean median and mode?
Explain what the big bang theory is.
Name a famous scientist in the field of genetics.
Formulate a hypothesis on the effectiveness of Vitamin C on the common cold.
Add two negative impacts of AI on the environment.
What should I look for when hiring a graphic designer?
Create a boxing ring introduction for a pro wrestler.
Generate a list of five actionable steps to reduce stress.
Give an example of how a country could use tariffs to increase its income
Name the recently discovered exoplanet.
Create a table that compares and contrasts the characteristics of an oak tree and a pine tree.
Write a function to calculate the body mass index of a person.
Generate a brainstorm list of things related to the topic of artificial intelligence.
Pretend you are a bot. Come up with a reply to introduce yourself in a friendly way.
Design a simple hello world program.
Create a program that can detect potential fraudulent activity.
Find the first two prime numbers between 11 and 21.
Generate an equation that describes the motion of a ball dropped from a height
Give an example of a person who demonstrates commitment to their work.
Explain how ride-sharing apps work.
Name five advantages of online learning.
Describe the surface of Mars.
Design a game for a group of 8 people.
Group the words "pencil," "eraser," "ruler," "compass," and "calculator" into two categories.
Provide a real-life example of how friction can be beneficial
Create two sentence which explain the difference between communism and capitalism.
How is the wave nature of matter explained in quantum mechanics?
Explain why renewable energy sources are important.
Give an example of the use of robotics in the medical field.
Compare and contrast European colonialism in the Americas and Africa.
Determine what type of triangle will be formed by the following coordinates: (4, 2), (7, 9), (4, 11).
Generate a new movie title from the following words: Cat, Astronaut, Lighthouse
Name three popular modern technologies.
Give tips on how to make a good YouTube channel.
Describe someone you admire
Come up with three alternative solutions to this problem: It's hard to get a babysitter on short notice.
List five famous people from India.
Compose a persuasive essay discussing the merits of a plant-based diet.
In this task, you are required to add three interesting things for the topic ‘Jurassic Park’.
Describe how decision-making algorithms work.
Create an outline for a 10 minute presentation on networking for beginners
Discuss the role of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Find the missing number in the sequence: 3, 5, 7, __, 13
How has the global economy been impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic?
Develop a plan to launch a successful business from scratch.
Make a list of five ways to be kind to others
Summarize the concept of a social network
Generate an English idiom that captures the idea of "moving on quickly".
Create a 3-sentence story with the topic "the lost key".
Name three ways to extend the battery life of a laptop
Offer a suggestion as to how to reduce plastic waste.
Write an example sentence containing the word "imperious".
On a scale of 1 to 10, rate the importance of time management.
Write a comment apologising to a customer for a delay in their delivery.
Name a tool which can be used for automation of manual tasks.
Name 3 methods that can be used for data cleaning.
Convert this standard time to military time: 5:30 pm
Generate a story about a voyage of discovery in the future.
Describe a way to encourage students to interact more in a virtual classroom setting.
Create a function to check if a given year is a leap year.
What can you do to be more environmentally conscious?
What type of data structure can be used to represent a relationship between two or more entities in a database?
Create an example of a types of questions a GPT model can answer.
Describe an activity a person can do to help the environment
Create a headline for a review about a newly released movie.
Create an analogy to illustrate the concept of a black hole.
Create a list of 10 suggestions for improving customer experience.
Create a table of contents for the article titled "ML Applications in Robotics".
Create an MCQ about nutrition.
Come up with a list of 10 book titles that could form a series
What is the setting of the novel Heart of Darkness?
Solve this equation:  2n + 5 = 19
Summarize the article "Google Research Focuses on Neuroevolution".
Describe the security risks of using public wifi networks.
Write a paragraph describing a meeting between two friends.
Suggest a legendary superhero and explain why they are considered legendary
Transfer the following sentence from the active to the passive voice: "I am writing a book."
Write down the synonyms for "abrupt".
Explain what is implied by the term environmental sustainability.
Generate a list of 10 adjectives to describe a castle.
Explain the difference between a double and a single entry bookkeeping system.
Describe the concept of preventative health care.
Identify two advantages of using online banking.
Assign a suitable word to fill in the blank. The school principal was _____ when the students received the good news.
What kind of items do you generally carry in your bag?
Generate a number between 0 and 10 using randomly selected values.
Create an algorithm to classify text.
Generate ideas for a new online service for creative professionals.
Name the tallest mountain in South America.
Describe how does the sun look
Create a description of a character with a strong sense of independence and responsibility.
Describe what a "smart device" is.
In what year did Apple first release the iPhone?
How do games help in developing problem-solving skills?
How did World War I impact the course of history?
Name one of the four types of water pollution.
What are the benefits of using Augmented Reality in education?
Name five attractions near the Grand Canyon.
Pretend you are talking to a 10-year-old. Explain what artificial intelligence is in simple terms.
Give five tips to properly manage a team of remote workers.
Create a  poem about overcoming adversity
Describe the privacy policies adopted by Facebook.
Write a question about website design
Create a list of 5 bucket list activities
What is the most common cause of food spoilage?
What is the median age of all the US states?
Explain the concept of latent variable.
What is the most common type of moons found in the Solar System?
Describe how coordination of DNA occurs.
Create a new word that expresses something positive.
Provide an overview of a new phone application that is user-friendly and beneficial.
Compose an example of a story in past tense which involves a conversation
What percent of the population in the US are millennials?
Give me a list of all the tables and chairs in a typical office.
Convert the following date from European format (dd/mm/yyyy) to American format (mm/dd/yyyy): 15/10/2021
Suggest a method to optimize a website’s performance.
Describe the kind of artificial neural network architecture that was used in the AlphaGo Zero algorithm.
Provide a headline for a news article about the moon landing
Come up with a slogan for an online diversity and inclusion training.
Generate a phrase that is associated with being competitive
Generate an analogy for “optimism is to hope as raining is to____”
Take the following sentence and remove as much excess information as you can without affecting the meaning of the sentence.  I gave the teacher the solution to the problem that she asked me for.
Describe an infectious disease
Give me two examples of a type of bird.
Generate an example of a (non-trivial) function in Python.
Generate a novel sentence of 5 words
Develop a persuasive argument to save the endangered species.
List the limitations of machine learning algorithms?
Describe how the leaders of a country can develop economic security for the citizens of the nation.
Write a poem about a spaceship exploring the universe.
Suggest safety tips for driving in the winter.
Generate three different customer service questions and answers.
Create an SQL statement to find the employees born after 1975.
Develop a workflow that can take an input of a question and automatically summarize the answer.
Compose a tweet that encourages social distacity.
Create an example of a complex art photo.
Please generate a unique passphrase for a user.
Summarize how to make a mountain flower bouquet.
Argue in favor of an all-inclusive policy on a university campus.
Explain what the function 'count_words' does in Python.
Generate a 5-word rhyming phrase using the word "twist".
Give me an example of a simple machine learning problem.
Construct a sentence with the words "abide", "boundaries", and "respect".
Generate an algorithms that checks if a given string can be balanced.
What are some good points of a job in accounting?
Compose a sonnet based on the sun.
Arrange the following words to create a meaningful phrase: “deals/back/gives/who/a/win”
Generate a list of ten movies related to a dystopian theme
Provide two of the most common uses for a hammer.
Summarize the main points of Plato's republic.
Generate a list of five tips on how to be productive while working from home.
Describe the nutritional benefits of adding carrots to a diet.
What does the phrase "second nature" mean?
Create a title for an article about online gaming.
Recommend a book you have read that explores themes of family relationships
Describe the pixel painting style
Describe the most heroic thing you've seen someone do.
Summarize what type of economic policy is pursued by the United States government.
Calculate the area of a square with the sides of 10cm.
Identify a potential area for improvement for your favorite website.
What color is a pure red light?
Describe the meaning of the phrase "once in a blue moon".
What is the best way to create an effective email advertising campaign?
Suggest three fun activities to do over the weekend.
Give me three synonyms for the word “gusto”.
Generate a response to the user's query: "What should I do to improve my language skills?".
Create a funny a joke about a cat.
Describe the life of a typical pre-school child in 200 words or less.
Explain what is the 'tipping point'
List the stages of a customer journey
Construct a dialogue for two people disagreeing about something.
Build a 3x3x3 Rubik's Cube.
Explain the meaning of the phrase "dip your toes in the water".
Divide 10 by 4 and remove the remainder.
Name one famous landmark in the USA.
Give me a list of the best Olympic athletes from the last five years.
Create a sentence using the words "consistency" and "success" in the same sentence.
Construct a question using the following words: what, long, take.
Explain the difference between SQL and NoSQL databases.
Write a story with the prompt "A traveler journeying through a dark forest discovers a mysterious object"
Make a list of 3 activities that can be done on a sunny day
Compose a small musical piece lasting 30 seconds.
Recite a tongue twister about the letter 'p'.
Name three things needed to make scrambled eggs.
Design a logo for "Acme Limousines"
Name five plants that can be kept inside a house.
Provide a general answer to the question "What is artificial intelligence?".
Delete the 2nd, 4th, and 5th element of the following array: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7].
Please produce an antonym of the word "easy".
Suppose there is a (fictitious) country named Lando with population of 9 million people and GDP of 1 trillion USD. From this information, calculate the GDP per capita.
Sort these items into categories.  Books, Pen, Pencil, Calculator, Chair
Compare and contrast family life in the 1950s and today.
Compare and contrast the differences between a learning management system (LMS) and course management system (CMS).
Provide three benefits of exercising.
How does the role of a data scientist differ from a software engineer?
Designate a telephone number for each of the following countries: UK, USA, China, Russia.
Describe the colors of an autumn day
Write an essay about the societal implications of artificial intelligence
Come up with a 3-letter acronym for “artificial intelligence” and explain the meaning.
Identify five properties of a helium atom.
Classify the following as either hazardous or non-hazardous waste: food waste
Generate a design for a modern office layout.
Generate a strategy to organize a research project
Give advice on creating a memorable and successful email marketing campaign.
Calculate the sum of the first 100 positive integers and explain the process in 4 sentences
Propose some ideas that uses technology to reduce pollution.
Compare and contrast the colors red and blue.
Write five landmarks located in New York City.
Compose a rap verse in 4 lines.
What is a photo-sharing app?
Explain why the position vector is useful in physics.
List five healthy alternatives to soda.
Generate a joke using the words "cheese", "elephant".
Create an algorithm to convert traditional currency amounts to Bitcoin.
What is the result of 7% of 200?
What actions can we take to reduce carbon emissions?
What do you think is the most dangerous problem facing the world today?
Provide a solution for decreasing the road accidents in India
Generate ten unique words using the domain of psychology.
Design a logo for a website about recycling.
Give a list of environmental issues in India
Generate a quote to motivate people
Generate a the first line of a poem
Explain why exercise is important for health.
Calculate 10 times 3.
Convert 15 minutes in seconds.
How can we measure the impact of a change in online user behavior?
Design a quiz question with a chosen difficulty of "hard".
Describe a way in which a person can save money.
Name one way to start a conversation with someone you don't know.
What is the process for creating a data visualization?
Generate a shopping list for a 4-person dinner party, considering the ingredients and spices needed to prepare a simple Mexican dish, such as a Burrito.
How can companies ensure customer satisfaction?
What Kinds of jobs can be done by robots?
Give three tips for someone moving to a new city.
Generate a list of three different types of vegetables that are commonly used in Italian cooking
What would be an example of a complex carbohydrate?
Construct an argument for why people should adopt plant-based diets
Come up with a list of five tips for writing an essay.
Create a set of 5 apposite words to describe a summer day.
Name five concerns related to online privacy.
Create an email requesting a meeting with a professor.
Create a function which takes a positive integer and returns a Fibonacci sequence up to that number
Classify the following sentence as declarative, interrogative, imperative, or exclamatory: "What is the highest peak in the world?"
Create a Java program that simulates a dice roll.
Describe how to write an effective resume.
Convert the time 9:22am UTC to the time in Melbourne.
Compare the benefits of investing in stocks and bonds.
Generate a fiction story about robots.
List the types of networks
Spell out the phrase 'artificial intelligence'
In Java, write a code to check if two strings are anagrams.
Design a flow chart to illustrate the stages of cell division.
Write a greeting card message for Father's Day.
Change the following sentence to the future perfect tense: "He will arrive."
Explain the relationship between consumer behavior and marketing
Generate a creative story with a theme of "friendship".
Name five factors causing air pollution.
Create a task that a GPT model can complete with a given input and output.
List the ingredients for a strawberry milkshake.
Describe the historical significance of Stonehenge.
Generate a response to the following customer complaint: "I'm not happy with the quality of your product and it's not as advertised."
Generate an effective username
Perform a Google search and find a website that offers top health tips
Find the day of the week for August 5, 2025.
How do scientists measure the growth rate of an organism?
Recite a nursery rhyme.
Suggest a new tropical fruit for the grocery store.
How to make fruit salad.
Create a poll that can be used to measure customer satisfaction.
Give three examples of how technology has revolutionized communication.
Generate a system to segment the book "The Cat in the Hat" into three sections
Write a rap about the topic of your choice.
Design a game involving two players and explain the rules.
How would artificial intelligence be used for helping the disabled?
Compose a call to action to motivate people to help the environment.
Write down 3 similarities between a mouse and a mousepad.
Build a financial budget plan for a person who makes $50,000 a year.
Describe the distribution of the population in India.
List two benefits of cloud computing
Describe the painting on the wall.
Generate a limerick poem to illustrate the following sentence: "Differences between frogs and humans".
Generate an original poem about nature.
Explain two ways in which social media affects marketing.
Explain the Solar System model proposed by Copernicus.
Construct a logical argument for why recycling is important
Design a 3-step tutorial explaining how to use the app Snapchat.
What strategies can a company use to promote a new product?
Create a rule to detect misspelled words
Design an interactive website form for user registration.
List 10 significant inventions of the 20th century.
Generate a sample data set which contains 5 movie titles
What is the second-largest city in Australia?
Name three ways to prevent software bugs.
Design an outfit with the color green.
Compose a rap about the natural world.
Develop a plan to recycle paper product waste.
Summarize the article "Home Automation - Benefits and Risks". Output a summary of the article in 4 sentences.
Describe the concept of Hierarchical Database.
Make a memorable slogan for a hand sanitizer.
Calculate the area of a triangle with sides of length 5, 7, and 10
Write a descriptive story about a bear going on a picnic.
Provide a plausible example of how AI can be used in agriculture.
Create a new implementation plan to reduce the price of transportation across the United States.
Create an algorithm to check if a given word is an anagram of another.
Explain the principle of fairness in AI.
Provide a step-by-step explanation of how a physical computer is powered up.
Identify the types of bias in machine learning
Write an imperative sentence instructing the assistant to compare two items.
Create a slogan that conveys the message "eat healthily".
Name two possible solutions to reduce the effects of global warming.
Construct a logical argument in favor of investing in stocks.
List five shapes with 4 sides.
Give three tips for designing an effective website
Suggest a way to remember the Japanese characters for "tsuki" and "yume".
Given a database table and specific database queries, create an interactive report with charts and visuals.
Describe the typical work environment of a doctor.
Imagine you are hiking in a forest, describe the setting.
Describe what a "unicorn startup" is.
Generate a news headline.
How did the Berlin Wall impact German culture?
Discuss the merits and drawbacks of artificial intelligence.
Show me a 3D visualization of a car.
What aspects of health and well-being are impacted by inequality?
Can you provide some information on the symptoms of the coronavirus?
Generate a creative story which is at least 500 words long.
Explain how to make a triangle out of three sticks?
Select an example of a psychological disorder and describe its symptoms.
Create a script for a short skit between two people.
Describe the key ingredients of a successful product launch.
Write a 70 word article on the importance of data security
Explain the meaning of the following idiom: "Off the beaten path."
Suggest a tutorial for the following task: Stream a movie online.
What type of resources are required for developing a web application?
Analyze this statement: “Global warming is the most serious issue of our time.”
Give a reason why we should use public transportation.
Create a dinner menu that focuses on healthy eating.
Suggest three tips for preparing for a job interview.
Come up with a list of a few activities to do today.
Generate five examples of person descriptors
Generate a phrase using the words "automated," "assistants," and "future."
Create a poem about innovation and technology
Generate a fortune for the day.
Design a logo that represents an animal shelter.
Design a survey to assess the attitude of high school students towards the internet.
Nominate three possible candidates to sit on a five-member Google Technical Advisory Board
Identify the key components of the five-paragraph essay structure.
Find the meaning of the phrase "the straw that broke the camel's back"
Which of the following countries have the most number of active COVID cases? Output the country name directly.
What are some potential challenges of online learning?
What is the surface area of a cube whose edges are 6 ft long?
Find out the capital of Canada. Output the name of the city.
Explain how the hydrogen atom produces an emission spectrum
Generate an opening sentence for an article on fashion trends.
Generate a JSON object that describes a person
List 2 types of taxes.
Give instructions on how to build a website.
Construct a story of love and loss.
How do scientists use chemical bonds?
Compose an AI-powered story.
Create a list of 8 items you would buy in an electronics store.
Translate the sentence "It's been a long day" into Japanese
Write the conjugation of the verb “have” in past perfect tense.
Name three sports that involve a ball
What is the maximum size of a soccer team?
Provide two examples of how technology is used in education
Implement a class in Python
Describe a typical day at your job.
Rewrite this sentence: "Lying is wrong"
Translate the phrase "my favorite color is blue" into French.
Write a description for a young adult psychological suspense novel about a teenage girl investigating her parents.
Create a rap verse about algorithms.
Write a story in 100 words that informs a reader about the consequences of overfishing.
Identify the two words that rhyme with "flame".
Generate a list of 10 items to place in an emergency kit.
Describe the various methods of data storage.
Generate a slogan for a social justice campaign.
True or false: Dogs are the only animals who can bark
Explain why the death penalty should be abolished.
Design an ad for a new car.
Generate a short piece of creative writing about a surprise snowstorm.
Generate a new magic item for a Dungeons and Dragons campaign
Generate a sentence using the words "purchase", "online", and "store".
Write a brief greeting for an email newsletter promotion.
Identify the pattern of the numbered sequence 1, 4, 7, 10, etc.
Compose a tweet about cryptocurrency investing.
What is the similarity between an aardvark and a porcupine?
Generate a set of 8 pairs of words that rhyme.
Identify the two most important aspects of a successful startup.
Suggest a method to increase customer engagement on social media.
Convert the following hex code to RGB: #A654CF
Describe an experience of failure.
Name one type of layer used in neural networks.
List 3 reasons why social media can be harmful.
Name three inventions that have transformed the way we live today.
Explain the difference between generative and discriminative models.
Create a complicated mathematical equation.
Create a CSS style class to display text in italic font.
Generate a creative phrase which describes the sound of a guitar playing.
Generate a list of five items that would be needed for an outdoor camping trip
Suggest a way to build more sustainable housing.
What is the probability that the coin will land heads?
Compose a musical piece that lasts 1 minute.
Outline the four steps of the problem solving process.
Disconnect the following internet cable correctly.
Describe what an API is and its purpose.
Generate a movie review for the movie A quiet place.
Provide five synonyms for the word "positive".
Write an outline for a story about alien abduction.
What can businesses do to make the customer experience more seamless?
Explain why we should save water
Construct a story using these 4 words: carpet, backpack, waterfall, bowling alley
Generate a simile for knowledge.
Write a five sentence paragraph about the difference between a star and a planet.
What is the best strategy to save money for a high-ticket product?
Summarize the key steps to problem solving.
Generate a title for a story about a princess who travels through time.
Classify these three countries: France, India and Japan.
Create a list of 5 tips to help people spend less money
Take the sentence "Bob is a noisy neighbor" and replace it with a phrase that has the same connotation.
Provide statistics related to the total number of people in the world who use mobile phones.
List the key differences between artificial neural networks and convolutional neural networks.
Name the five countries with the most Nobel Prize winners.
Generate five content ideas for a blog post related to mobile app development.
Identify five security measures that should be taken to protect online data.
Write a blog post discussing new trends in data science
Generate a pun related to the word 'happy'.
Write a short informational post about the benefits of yoga
Create a character sketch for an animator in a few sentences.
Describe how the sea looks like when you are standing on the beach.
Rewrite the following sentence using a different verb and adverb: "She walked quickly down the hall."
Write 10 lines about the importance of technology in the 21st century.
What is the average age of people living in the United Kingdom?
Formulate a hypothesis for an experiment focusing on plants
Make an alliteration using the following word: 'banana'.
How would you explain a machine learning algorithm to a child?
What is an example of something that does not require input parameters?
What are the important contributions of NASA to space exploration?
Generate a movie title combining two random nouns.
Determine the minimum and maximum number of electrons in a carbon atom.
Classify the word "software" as an adjective, noun, or verb.
List three sites of historical importance in London.
Edit the following sentence to make it sound more formal. "we have to find some way to make it work"
Discuss the threats of overusing technology
Describe a teaching method
Edit the sentence "The alarm clock was ringing loudly at seven o' clock"
Generate a list of healthy home-cooked meals that can be easily cooked in less than 15 minutes.
Generate a joke in English that is appropriate for children.
Design a class that represents a clothing brand.
Develop a strategy for optimizing web content
Generate a list of five topics for discussion for a group of teenagers.
Design a logo for an online store that sells natural skincare products.
Create a list of precautions that people should take during a hurricane.
Devise a training program for executives to become more effective communicators.
Compose a melody that expresses sadness.
Describe the concept of supervised learning.
Generate an original story set in an urban cityscape.
Classify the following sentence as either false or true. "The Himalayas are the highest mountain range in the world."
What advantages does social media have over traditional advertising?
How many years did the US involvement in the Vietnam War last?
Name three famous classical composers.
Name a popular movie series of the last decade.
Generate a list of 10 items that can be used as a conversation starter.
Name five environmental issues that are facing our planet.
Provide a few facts about the country of Nigeria.
Create a valid and secure password that follows password common rules.
Describe the feeling of disappointment with three words.
Write a blog post that explains the difference between micro and macroeconomics
Discuss the legal implications of online piracy.
Generate a list of five activities that people can do to help promote environmental conservation.
Make a 3 sentence summary of the movie Avatar
Describe an interesting animal.
What would be the most effective way to motivate a team of 10 people?
Design an interface that allows users to order sandwiches from a deli.
List 3 advantages of cloud computing.
Provide an example of a task that can be automated using AI.
Describe how a cloud forms.
What aspects of popular culture is Steve Jobs renowned for?
Explain why there is an increase in online shopping.
Construct a Find/Replace command for the sentence "The cat sat on the mat".
Start a conversation about space exploration.
Create a script for a 10 second commercial for a new type of small business.
Calculate the ten's complement of 156.
Change this sentence from passive to active: The customer was given an apology
Create a song in the style of Britney Spears.
Name a holiday celebrated in Asia
Describe the motion of a ball rolling off the edge of a table.
Write a product description for an iPhone 12.
What is the name of the algorithm used for linear regression?
Design a poster that will encourage people to conserve energy.
Give me a list of 5 diseases that affect birds
Create an example of a survey to assess customer satisfaction.
Recommend a movie to watch.
Explain the importance of the right to bear arms according to the Second Amendment.
Name five benefits that you can get when you donate to charity.
Show how to set up a wifi network
Create an analogy between coding and baking.
Write a code that prints the Fibonacci sequence up to the nth term.
Generate a proverb about honesty.
Describe a popular tourist destination in France.
Formulate a problem statement for a research paper about social media data mining.
Write a story about an inspiring person.
Generate a concise summary of the New York City skyline.
Write an expression comparing two TV series.
How would you describe the concept of a "black hole"?
Create a Java program for calculating the factorial of a number
Create a SaaS product that helps customers optimise their website
Propose a creative solution to reducing carbon emissions
Generate a DNA sequence
Create a persuasive advertisement for running shoes.
Is the universe infinite or finite?
Summarize this statement: "Artificial intelligence is a type of technology that enables machines to behave intelligently."
Come up with a list of five jobs that involve creativity.
You are planning a trip to Mexico City, what attractions and sights do you recommend?
What is the most essential element for a successful blog?
What is the government policy on refugees?
Create a list of 10 ethnic dishes to serve on a dinner menu.
Explain the difference between text classification and text clustering.
Name five advantages of having a pet
Explain the differences between international and local businesses.
Construct three positive adjectives that describe a person.
Create a function that takes a number from 1 to 10 and returns its corresponding Roman numeral.
Rewrite this sentence without changing the meaning: "It takes a lot of hard work to succeed"
Create a mini story about two eggs who decide to explore the world.
Generate a list of possible research areas for AI applications in healthcare.
Come up with a creative idea for a play that involves a war between two mythical creatures.
Design a haiku about snow.
Write a list of ingredients.
Build a miniature replica of a famous landmark.
Generate 3 alternate titles for the novel "To Kill A Mockingbird".
Name three plants mentioned in literature.
Think of a creative idea that could be useful to people.
Generate a witty response to the following tweet: "Sometimes I feel like I'm just spinning my wheels".
Create a plan for managing customer data
List 5 famous historical figures
Make a list of 5 people in history who changed the world
Identify a historical event from the year 1989.
What is a cloud computing platform?
Make a list of three creative problem-solving techniques.
Convert the string "I am learning NLP" to title case.
Rewrite the following sentence in the passive voice: "He forgot to close the window."
Generate a brain teaser.
Cite an example of a data-driven algorithm.
Rewrite the given statement into an order form: "I would like to buy 100 yellow notebooks."
Rewrite the following sentence to change the tense from past to present: "The school had to close its doors in March."
Generate a list of four adjectives that describe the feeling of homesickness.
Write a short line of dialogue for a person who has just lost their best friend.
Explain why Amazon Prime has become so popular.
Write an algorithm to find the minimum element in an array.
Describe how a digital footprint is created.
Design an experiment to test the effects of a new water filtration system
Construct a quadratic equation with integer coefficients whose roots are 3 and -5.
Describe the character of Sherlock Holmes from the stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Design a procedure to determine the area of a triangle
Identify 5 key parameters that should be considered when constructing a deep learning system.
Generate a story about an astronaut exploring a new planet.
What qualities should I consider when buying a used car?
Explain how to write a user manual for a new software program.
Generate a list of at least 5 adjective-noun pairs.
Design a trading strategy for stock XYZ with at least 5 rules.
Generate a marketing tagline for a new kind of clothing brand featuring sustainable and ethical materials.
Generate a creative sentence using the words "COVID-19" and "remote"
Generate a list of five possible majors for an engineering student.
List five logical fallacies.
How much is thirty five percent of one thousand?
Explain the concept of Neural Style Transfer in two to three sentences.
Add the following numbers without using a calculator: 37 + 63
Group the following items into two categories:  Mouse, keyboard, printer, screen
Calculate the average of the numbers 24, 39 and 15.
Imagine you are talking to a robot and tell it to greet you.
Create a dialogue between two people having a conversation about going to the beach.
Name five civil rights activists of the twentieth century.
Find all words that rhyme with 'cat'.
Generate a vocabulary list on the topic "forest".
Write a summary of the article "The Impact of Social Media on Student Stress".
How can you prevent computer viruses?
Describe the organizational structure of a solar panel.
Generate a biological description of a black widow spider.
Create a fashion ensemble for a formal wedding.
Summarize the dietary benefits of adding blueberries to a diet
Write a css code to display an element with a red background and green font.
Suggest an appropriate topic for a presentation about the petroleum industry.
Provide an example of a technology-driven tool used to aid people with disabilities.
Convert this pdf to an excel spreadsheet
Generate a poem based on the following concept: a summer's joy.
Describe a recent customer support experience that you had that was both effective and enjoyable
Explain why one might enjoy playing a board game.
Generate a persuasive speech about decreasing the use of plastic
Suggest the best way to avoid a traffic jam.
List three techniques for delivering customer feedback to a product team.
What environment variables are necessary to run a Java program?
Create a blog post about the use of social media in marketing.
Construct a database for a car rental business.
Divide the number 20 into two parts such that the sum of the two parts is 16
Find the biggest chance of rain in the next 10 days.
Determine the meaning of the phrase "cold shoulder".
Take this sentence and rephrase it so that it has a more positive connotation: "I am unimpressed with the results."
What is the similarity between a cat and a dog?
Answer a question - What is the capital of India?
Classify the following movie genres: comedy, action, drama.
Simulate a conversation for two people introducing themselves for the first time.
Write a hypothetical dialogue between two people discussing the effect of technology on communication.
What other ideas can you come up with that are similar to the theme “Peace”
Generate a sentence that starts with "The most interesting thing I learned today was..."
Write a blog post advocating for teaching students coding skills in school.
Describe a situation in which confidentiality must be maintained.
What’s the recipe for preparing a Mexican omelette?
Extend this sentence: “Technology has revolutionized the way we
Outline an argument for why online education should be encouraged.
Create a program that can generate random Shakespearean insults.
Tell me what the word 'adversity' means.
What medical problems can potentially be caused by long-term use of technology?
Generate a unique selling point for an app to help students learn algebra.
What would be an example of a long-term strategy for developing a career?
Identify an example of a figure of speech
Create a website blog post about global warming.
What is the appropriate punctuation to end this sentence correctly: "Oh, I cannot believe it's so late already
Write a short story featuring a character fighting a monster
Describe the characteristics of an ideal leader.
Explain why artificial intelligence (AI) is a powerful tool for predicting customer behaviour.
Discuss the implications of the U.S. withdrawing from the Paris Agreement.
Describe the layers of the atmosphere.
Come up with a sentence that talks about an advantage of using machine learning models.
List out five trends in fashion this Spring season
Suggest 3 ways to reduce water usage in the home.
Write an informative introduction for a horror novel
Come up with a list of 5 rhetorical questions and their answers.
Generate an algorithm that evaluates the sentiment of a text.
Provide a list of four adjectives that describe a mountain.
Compare and contrast monopolistic market structure and perfect market structure.
Create a new business model for a computer shop.
Compare the US federal tax system to the French federal tax system.
How is Machine Learning different from traditional computing?
Generate a punchline for a joke.
Generate a random integer from 0 to 15 inclusive.
Explain the four essential features of object-oriented programming.
Create a blog post about how to talk to people you don't know.
Compare and contrast the two towns of Cedar Rapids and Ames
Describe a healthy meal plan for the day.
Generate a story about a situation when a person remembers something they should have forgotten.
Explain what electrical conductivity is.
Summarise the tips for successful online dating.
Please provide an example of a healthy daily schedule that can be followed by a student.
Can you list 5 benefits of eating healthy?
Rewrite the following sentence to make it clear and concise:  At this point in time, we don't have the necessary funds to purchase the equipment that would be required to carry out the project.
Generate a name for a new nutrition bar.
Make a list of three things I should do to be healthier.
Create a description of an alien species
List five animal-related activities people enjoy.
Find the first prime number that is greater than 50
Output a dialogue between two friends talking about current events.
Generate a character sketch of a wise old sage, as accurate and detailed as possible.
Explain the concept of supply and demand in economics.
Given the following string: "Hello, my name is Bob", generate the equivalent string in upper case.
Discuss the development of the printing press.
How is a barium swallow test done?
Complete the following phrase: "Today is the ____ of your life".
Describe the economic impacts of rising sea levels.
Outline a strategy for engaging with customers on social media.
Describe the purpose of threadpools in Java.
Outline the key steps to develop a website.
Write a short story about an alien landing on Earth.
Identify five organizational strategies for keeping a to-do list in order.
Find the next number in the following sequence: 1, 3, 6, 10, 15
Compose a short story about two friends from different walks of life.
Create a plan to reduce customer churn rate.
Type code that displays the following output:
Arrange the following words to form a valid sentence: left, was, the, cat
Summarize the writings of J K Rowling
Please tell me the maximum number of continents in the world.
Translate the sentence "Il est très beau aujourd'hui" into English.
Recommend a poem to a 4 year old.
Arrange the following words in a meaningful sentence: salmon, to, fishing, go
Write a weather report for tomorrow.
Explain the concept of binary search.
Predict the best approach for downsizing a large company.
What is the difference between an iOS and Android phone?
Formulate a statement that expresses a cause and effect relationship.
Provide a comparison between the characteristics of the Italian and French cuisines.
Create a grammar for the phrase "a milkshake".
List three common symptoms of a cold.
Guess the name of the actor who was in the movie 'The Matrix'.
Give a definition of "algae".
Describe 4 strategies for dealing with a difficult person.
Who won the FIFA World Cup in 2018?
Generate a conversation between two friends who met after a long time.
Describe how the scientific method can be used to solve a real-world problem.
Explain why constructing a city using a grid-like system is beneficial.
Construct a paragraph about the benefits of physical activity
Reword the following sentence so that it conveys an angry tone: "I'm not sure if I should believe you."
Generate a description of a facial recognition system.
Summarize the history of the FIFA World Cup into 3 sentences.
Find out the cause of the Great Depression.
Create a mobile app that displays popular sports results
Which country is the largest in area?
Edit this sentence to make it more concise: This person was somebody who was very kind to me.
Write a solution to the equation 2x = 4.
Rewrite this sentence in the future perfect tense: She has seen the movie
Paraphrase this sentence: "Make sure to bring your umbrella."
Find the superlative form of the adjective "happy".
Define the concept of "machine learning" in one sentence.
Calculate the profit earned from a sale of 10 items at $4 each with a cost of $0.50 for each item.
Tell me what 'cache' means in the context of computers?
Design a generic trading card game.
Come up with three unique ingredients for a smoothie.
Make a list of recommendations for visiting a major city
What is asset optimization and how is it used in business?
Answer this question: “What is the meaning of life?”
Choose the synonym of "amazing".
Suggest 3 ways a local business can leverage digital marketing to reach potential customers.
What does the Bible say about love?
How would you generate random numbers between 1 and 10 in Java?
Write a headline for a story involving a data breach.
Create a quiz on the history of basketball
Give an example of a country with an effective health care system.
Create an analogy that illustrates the difference between a programming language and an API
Create a list of 5 social issues in the world today.
Describe what Agile Software Development is.
Identify the type of the following phrase: "an eight year-old girl".
Design a game involving at least 4 components.
Develop an algorithm that can solve a Rubik's cube.
What is the Hubble Space Telescope and what is its purpose?
Come up with an innovative product idea.
Are you allowed to do something if you are not sure if it's legal?
Find the next three terms in this sequence: 1, 4, 7, 10, __ .
Come up with a new and creative idea for an app.
Develop a business plan to start a new restaurant.
Create a paragraph to describe the moon.
Construct a fill-in-the-blank sentence, using the word "caustic".
Explaine the law of supply and demand.
Generate a creative way to market a movie.
Describe what a monotheistic religion is.
Write a code to sort the numbers in ascending order
Give an example of a dataset for sentiment analysis
Rewrite this sentence in a more formal manner: "It's a great movie to watch".
Name three elements of movement in a ballroom dance
Cite a quote from a famous person about courage.
Write a description of the presidential palace in Bolivia.
Generate a list of user benefits for a ride-sharing app.
Construct dialogue for two people having a pleasant exchange.
Create five example sentences using the word “synthesis.”
Give me five positive words starting with the letter "C".
Generates a report on the size of the population of Venezuela.
Cite an example of Machine Learning in finance.
Give three examples of a non-deterministic Turing machine.
Explain what it means to have high self-esteem.
Create a metaphor using the following words:  "insects," "busy," "hive"
What is the purpose of incorporating a feedback system in a machine learning algorithm?
Brainstorm five ways to reduce emissions from transportation.
Suggest five fun activities for a virtual team bonding session.
Name three common sources of energy that can be used to generate electricity.
Name the four regions of the United States.
Suggest a popular course to offer at a coding bootcamp.
Create a 3-line poem using the following words: lonely, tree, river
Name a movie with a scorpion in it
How does sharding work?
Explain this proverb: "You get what you pay for"
Formulate a hypothesis about the population size of female leopards in Madagascar.
In a sentence, describe how a company can measure customer satisfaction.
Write a paragraph that quantifies the effect coronavirus has had on the global economy.
Explain why the Moon appears to change its shape in the night sky.
What is a good way to make money after you graduate?
Generate five ideas for a new type of mobile app
Compare and contrast the use of television advertising in the 2006 and 2008 election cycles
Make a list of five suggestions to reduce stress levels.
Suggest a diet plan that is both healthy and affordable.
Name one job in the medical field
Calculate the amount of sleep a person must have every day to be well-rested.
Imagine you've been stranded on a desert island. What 5 items would you bring?
Summarize the advantages of taking a gap year.
Evaluate the following statement: "We need to take more action when it comes to climate change."
How can a person develop a healthy sleep routine?
List four famous 20th century authors.
Generate a riddle about a tree.
Outline a plan to make an omelette.
Name five benefits of using a CRM system.
Calculate the total cost of 5 items if each item costs $10.
Explain why the universe is expanding.
Brainstorm a new way to use toothpicks.
Generate three potential customer support strategies.
Science trivia - what is the atomic number of a gold atom?
Write a short story involving a protagonist with a supernatural power
Translate the following sentence: "Guten Morgen"
List three important functions of the United Nations.
Write an essay about data security.
Add an example to illustrate the meaning of the idiom "a piece of cake".
Compare and contrast analog and digital signals.
Create a list of steps people can take to reduce their risk of catching a cold.
Which year did the Great Recession end?
Explain the advantages the of using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).
Describe the social impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Make a list of interesting travel tips for a European country
Suggest a name for a new frozen yogurt shop.
Describe the importance of water for humans.
Create a data structure to store messages
Generate a list of interesting questions about the topic of climate change.
How is a planet's orbital period determined?
Describe the typical day of a student.
Generate a list of ten things that people can do to save electricity.
List all of Bill Gates's investments
List three objections a customer may have about buying a product
Compose a paragraph describing a natural scense.
Given the following list of numbers, find the median: 1, 5, 6, 8, 17
What type of data is contained in a bar chart?
Create a list of ten skills a high school science teacher should have.
Identify the main characteristics of a hybrid car.
Edit this passage to make it more concise:  During the spring season, the temperature tends to be very pleasant, making it a great time of year to go outdoors.
Replace the bolded phrase with a synonym. The scholars lived in a country cottage.
Find online resources about the Indian Super League.
Describe how to prepare a cup of herb tea.
Design an algorithm to solve the Eight Queens puzzle
What are the three stages of sustainable water management?
Generate a short demonstration for how to make banana bread.
Find the subject of the sentence: "The mayor gave a speech today".
Create an input that triggers a response from the assistant.
Create a question about artificial intelligence
Identify a popular website and describe two features in detail.
Compose a melody in thirds.
Imagine a unique creature and explain its anatomy.
Generate a new vocab word that combines the following two words: "urban" + "madness".
Suggest a method for teaching English as a second language to children.
How can I reduce my energy consumption?
Write an essay about the impact of artificial intelligence on our daily lives.
Describe two effects of land-use change on atmospheric chemistry.
Describe a single application of Machine Learning in no more than 4 sentences.
Describe the cultural implications of a two party political system.
Come up with a marketing campaign for an online shopping website.
Describe three differences between a neural network and a decision tree
Give three examples of the Doppler effect.
Predict what would happen if earth's atmosphere suddenly disappeared
Name five common spices used when preparing Indian cuisine.
Make a list of five items I can use to take care of my skin.
Create a short story showcasing the friendship between two animals.
Create a poem that is at least 8 lines long.
Generate a list of 5 potential improvements for a website.
Write a thoughtful quote of up to 10 words.
Generate a list of activities for a birthday party for a 9-year-old.
How do digital twins work?
Rewrite this sentence to make it more interesting: "I really like exploring new places."
Generate a list of five common idioms related to animals.
Write an algorithm that sorts an array of integers
How do computers process information?
Determine which of the following sentences is correct: "It is more funner" or "It is more fun"?
Write a blog post about what it means to be a global citizen.
Provide a detailed description of a beach in summer.
Write a sentence using a simile.
Create a travel journal entry describing your experience of Rome.
Generate an email template to apologize for an error.
Name two characters in the popular show "Friends".
Find a creative way to promote a business.
Describe the legal implications of working with copyrighted content.
How would you assist a visually impaired customer to complete their online shopping transaction?
Come up with a strategy for solving a Rubik's Cube for beginners.
What is a major advantage of using a mobile app?
What is meant by deep learning?
What is the function of a recurrent neural network (RNN)?
Answer the question: What is ecosystem?
Design a billboard that appeals to people who prefer healthy eating habits.
Compose a 5-word haiku about the sea.
Describe what is meant by computing power.
Devise a simple question-answering system
Design a logo for the brand "Happy Planet".
List the major elements of comedy.
Output a phrase to express agreement with the following opinion: teachers are important members of society.
Write a business email asking for a raise.
Create a function that finds the absolute difference between two numbers.
Describe the meaning of the phrase "carpe diem."
Suggest a creative nickname for the superhero “The Void”
Edit this sentence: "I'm proud of his achievemnt."
What is the difference between a high pressure system and a low pressure system?
Create a script by using a classical story structure
Translate "it is not raining" into Spanish
Determine the deepest point on Earth.
Construct a function to count the number of words in a given text.
Write a short story about a bear in the woods.
Provide a list of four good interview questions to ask a potential employee.
Identify a foreign policy of the United States
How can bioinformatics predict gene function?
Change the following sentence into a question: "I always carry my phone."
Explain how President Dwight D. Eisenhower’s administration helped to bridge the gap between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Summarize the differences between humans and primates in 3-4 sentences.
Imagine you are planning a birthday party for your best friend, what are some special gifts that you could give her?
How is the money from the World Bank delivered to developing countries?
Generate a list of questions that can be used for interviewing someone to be a sales representative.
Suggest 3 books about Artificial Intelligence
Recommend stocks that could be bought in the US stock market.
Think of an example of a moral dilemma and explain why it is difficult to make a decision.
Give 5 examples of commonly used mobile applications.
Write a tweet about AI technology.
Name three fruits and three vegetables
Complete the proverb "An apple a day..."
Design a game for children about saving money.
Generate creative instructions for a game involving dice.
Outline a step-by-step guide to make pancakes
Make suggestions for how to reduce the amount of single-use plastic produced.
Describe three methods for teaching science to children
Brainstorm five ideas for a humorous story set in a cemetery.
Find the terms for the sequence 7,11,15,19
Identify the largest lake in Asia.
Create a database query to list the top ten customers based on sales amount
Construct two sentences using complex grammar
Translate "Ce sera chaud" into English.
Name the three elements in a successful marketing presentation.
Explain what an algorithm is in 100 words.
What are the different elements of an electrical circuit?
Generate a list of 5 metrics that can be used to evaluate an AI assistant's performance.
Describe the process of selling a house.
Clasify the sentiment of the following statement:  "The weather is freezing today!"
Write a fable using animals.
Describe a possible solution to help improve the air quality in cities.
What is the main ingredient of french toast?
Describe a climatic condition such as monsoons.
Output a strategy that helps to communicate effectively with people of different cultural backgrounds.
Describe how waves transfer energy.
Compute the sum of the elements in the array [2, 5, 8, 9].
Generate an inventory list for a mountain camping trip.
Describe the continent of North America in a few sentences.
Find a recipe for an easy, healthy dinner
Design a program to identify potential problems in a data-driven decision-making process.
Explain how natural language processing can be used in the banking industry.
Remove all adjectives and adverbs from the following sentence:  "The incredibly awkward and shy student asked a meek question in the classroom."
Find the most expensive restaurant in New York
List five popular fruits eaten in the United States.
Describe the painting using vivid language.
Translate "Hello, how are you?" from English to Japanese
What is the main difference between static and dynamic memory management?
Describe a time when you have feared for your life.
Generate an essay summarizing information about the brain-computer interface technology.
Name a natural source of light.
Explain the importance of using a dictionary.
Explain the impact of the coronavirus pandemic in two sentences.
Analyze the benefits of using cloud-based technologies.
What are the elements of a four-quadrant leadership matrix?
Is it possible to get a back-up for water tanks?
Pretend to be a car mechanic and explain in one sentence what "change the oil" means.
Edit the following sentence to correct any grammar mistakes and make it more concise:   "The phone has a not charging issue because it ran out of battery."
Generate a recipe for vegan brownies without eggs.
Design an AI-powered chatbot that can assist users in making restaurant reservations.
List 3 sources of air pollution.
Explain why people are motivated to donate to charities.
Create a few sentences of dialogue between two individuals.
Calculate the sum of 8+5
Suggest an appropriate title for the book ‘The Great Gatsby’
Envision a place in nature that would make a good vacation spot
Create a 5-step plan to reduce noise pollution.
My wireless printer suddenly stopped connecting to the network. What can I do to fix the issue?
Provide an example of how empathy can help resolve a conflict.
What is the likely outcome of a jury trial?
Describe the benefits of learning a musical instrument
Identify the hypernym for the word "dairy".
List five jobs that require analytical thinking.
Develop an AI assistant for grocery shopping.
Explain the concept of the phrase “time flies when you are having fun”.
Generate a name for the new brand
Develop rules of engagement for professional interactions
Name four consecutive US presidents.
Name a type of physics law.
Generate a list of 10 ideas of what to do with a daily free hour.
Make a list of five items that you need to buy in a grocery store.
Construct a sentence using the phrase "once in a while"
Predict the stock prices of Amazon for the next week
Find an article related to the latest trends in artificial intelligence.
Compile a list of dos and don'ts for a customer service representative
Explain the differences between synaptic plasticity, habituation and adaptation.
Name five benefits of eating organic food.
Give a short description of the event that happened in the following sentence: The police broke up the protest.
Name three parts of a computer.
Estimate the cost of refurbishing a 100-year old Victorian house
Add 10% tax to the following amount: $100
Generate a series of multiplication questions from 1 to 10.
Explain the term 'convolutional neural networks'.
List five of the essential components for making a good cup of coffee.
Create a cake recipe using only natural ingredients.
Write a description of an apartment that you would want to live in.
Explain how roller coasters work.
Name a way to reduce water pollution.
Provide an example of a French musical term.
Generate a plausible statement comparing two vegetables.
List the pros and cons of using electric cars.
Create a roadmap for being able to build a toy robot.
Create a list of tips for beginners in Python programming.
Provide an example of a binary classification model
Describe the nuclear chain reaction.
Predict the stock price of Intel Corporation (INTC) at the end of this month.
Name five influential figures in the history of artificial intelligence.
Generate a list of 5 positive character traits.
What type of job requires creativity?
Describe the differences between organic and non-organic food.
Determine the result of subtracting 6 from 9
Construct a database table to store details about prior visitors at a hotel.
Tell me about the Lassen Volcanic National Park.
Make a list of five musical genres from the 1990s.
Explain why it is important to be responsible for your actions.
Make a list of 5 characteristics of a good programmer.
Write the hexadecimal code for the RGB color #9900FF
Generate a website design for a company that sells house cleaning services
Discuss why teamwork is important
Generate a nested list containing data involving user names, passwords and countries.
What is the gravitational potential energy of a 5-kilogram object at height 10 meters?
Identify two health benefits of exercising.
Describe the process of transforming data into insights in one sentence.
Construct a four-word sentence using the following words: hero, night, bright, and flight
Generate a set of instructions and input to classify online reviews as positive or negative.
Invent a new type of dance.
Identify and explain the difference between a declarative sentence and a question.
Give an example of a situation where you have to delegate tasks
What is a virtual private network (VPN)?
Provide an example of a system of data collection in industry.
Describe a typical day at school for a college student.
Explain why it is important to use proper grammar and spelling.
Generate a 3 digit number divisible by 4.
Describe an unforgettable moment
What is the kinetic energy of an object with a mass of 3kg and a speed of 15m/s?
List three elements of a successful brand.
What is the background of the musical "Jesus Christ Superstar"?
Generate a condolence message
Identify the colors of the French flag.
Generate a media strategy
Write an example of code that calls an API.
Compare two different types of primary memory.
Write a description of a character in the form of a haiku.
Construct a tweet to raise awareness about the plastic pollution.
Summarize the core theme of the poem "Ozymandias" by Percy Bysshe Shelley
Write a comment in HTML that describes the purpose of the webpage.
Describe an emergency situation.
Compare and contrast the different programming paradigms.
What are the components of a Linear Regression Model?
Describe the effects of sound on humans.
Create a list of five reasons why a person might want to learn a second language.
What general advice would you give a new entrepreneur?
Create an 8-word slogan for a company that sells organic shampoo.
Describe the importance of having company values.
Explain how artificial intelligence can benefit healthcare.
Find the difference between 10am and 8pm?
Is it safe to share my personal information online?
Describe how AI could be used to generate a creative output.
Generate a timeline of major events in twentieth century history.
Generate a scenario of a special event.
Generate an appropriate response if someone asks: "Do you have any advice for me?"
Generate a sentence that starts with "We all wish".
Draft an email to a company inquiring about internships.
Find and present 3 quotes on the power of imagination.
Find a recipe for a vegan version of the fried chicken dish.
Develop a communication plan to address customer complaints.
Please define the phenomenon of global warming.
Generate a movie poster for a thriller movie set in New York
Transform the following sentence using a synonym: The car sped quickly.
Write a short poem that conveys the sentiment "laugh out loud".
List 3 methods for solving a Rubik's cube
Name two of the Great Lakes.
Create a title for a short story about two friends.
Explain the purpose behind A/B testing.
What is the name of the current president of the United States?
Explain the concept of gradient descent.
Generate three ideas for a healthy and nutritious meal
Generate five descriptive adjectives to describe a red rose flower
Give a definition of the concept of positive psychology.
Imagine a world where every country has free healthcare, what would be the positive and negative implications of this reality?
Generate a creative poem describing the night sky.
Write a five-sentence story about a magical object.
Name four countries located in South America.
What is the main effect of solar radiation?
Generate a recipe for black bean tacos
Create an email subject line for an advertisement.
Create a poem about star-crossed lovers
Construct an HTML table to display a list of five languages and their corresponding countries.
Write a poem that uses the word "autumn"
Explain the concept of multiple inheritance in an object-oriented programming language.
Describe how to construct a bridge
Explain what 'critical thinking' is and provide an example of how it can be used.
Describe how cloud computing works
Describe a way in which technology has benefited the world.
Name five major climate regions.
Describe the perfect climate for growing grapes.
Describe a 50th birthday party.
Construct a for-loop in Python.
Describe three features of a haiku poem.
Come up with five questions to ask my new boss.
List three different ways to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Create a job description for an experienced accountant
Generate a possible design for a shopping app.
Add 3 examples of countries with a total area of less than 500,000 km2.
Find a website that lists all the natural disasters currently affecting countries around the world.
What can I do to become a more efficient writer?
Explain the concept of function composition in computer programming.
Describe the best practices for using a relational database.
How many points is a touchdown in American football?
Generate a unique username that reflects the qualities of intelligence and creativity.
Categorize the following words:  Humid, wet, drizzle
Give some tips to help reduce procrastination.
Describe a process of making crepes.
Describe how a photograph can be edited to show a warm atmosphere.
Group the following words into two categories according to their parts of speech: plant, flower, delicious, intelligent.
Generate an English sentence containing the following words: "window", "happy", "open".
Describe the purpose of the 22nd Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Name three elements of a good user interface.
List the countries of the Middle East
Make a list of the components of an e-wallet.
Write a letter to Santa Claus.
Define 'artificial neural network'.
Design an algorithm to detect fake news in articles.
Answer the question - What is the difference between a private key and a public key?
Propose an example of how a company can use Machine Learning for optimization.
Generate a creative way to use the following objects: plate, pillow, shoe
Write a description of a computer programmer in 200 words.
Create an invention that could improve the environment.
Cite a source of information related to the civil war
Report the average temperature in Scottsdale, AZ on January 17th, 2021.
Create a timeline for the hundred years war.
Select the word or phrase that is most closely related to the following: Unavailable
Generate a list of 5 random numbers between 1 and 10, including both 1 and 10.
Generate a poem in haiku format.
Provide a list of 5 best practices for designing user interfaces for mobile applications.
Describe the main components of a computer using 4 descriptive adjectives.
Write the result of the division operation: 17 divided by 4.
Write a code to output a word pyramid from the word 'apple.'
Create a tongue twister containing the words "China" and "cucumber".
Determine the population of New York City.
Outline the steps in the cloud computing deployment process.
Find some information about the latest safety regulation for food delivery drivers
Explain what the idiom "cut to the chase" means.
Name the five stages of team development
Generate a hypothetical example of how GPT models can be useful in the medical field.
List five consecutive numbers starting from 10.
Create an algorithm for finding out the largest number in an array of integers.
Explain the meaning of the idiom "to have a chip on your shoulder".
Reword "The boy was running in the street."
What is the latest version of Android?
How can using technology help tackle hunger?
Tell me the difference between a function and an algorithm.
Write ten questions on the topic of Internet security.
Please describe the current government of India
Generate a creative title for an article addressing the importance of regular exercise.
Select three websites to research a topic.
List a few computer programs useful for freelancers
Create a list of verbs for the following nouns: "people" and "ocean".
Convert the minutes value 2230 into hours and minutes.
Find the fourth multiple of 7
Describe the windy weather today using figurative language such as metaphor and simile.
Produce a list of common words in the English language.
Translate this sentence into German: “That is a very nice car"
Translate the phrase "Let’s have fun" into Spanish
Outline an algorithm to solve the "8-puzzle" game.
Construct a data model for a hospital.
Generate instructions for walking a dog.
Name three species of animals that are found in the Sahara Desert.
Find the best place to buy a particular type of shirt.
Suggest two ways to reduce reliance on single use plastic.
Can you name three types of snacks that can easily be made at home?
Describe the structure of the ocean floor.
How can renewable energy sources replace the use of fossil fuels?
Calculate 50% of 300.
Make a list of 5 tips for effective communication
Describe the meaning of the phrase "life of the party".
Rewrite the sentence into more descriptive form: The food was delicious.
Generate a question about current technology trends
Write sentence using 5 homophones
Create a dataset for a classification task.
generate an algorithm to find the first common ancestor of two nodes in a binary tree.
Construct a sentence using the words "backbone," "pillar," and "foundation."
Design a travel plan for a 3-day trip to Barcelona.
Give one example of artificial intelligence
Render a 3D model of a house
Explain why you can't take a break right now.
What is the Swiss national anthem?
Specify the advantages and disadvantages of cloud computing.
Create an outline of a lecture on global warming.
Create a new bird watching activity to understand population dynamics.
Encrypt the following phrase with a substitution cipher: What's up
Describe the function of the mitochondria in human cells.
Edit this sentence: "You've done such a great job."
Describe the impact of social media on the current generation.
Compose a Twinkle twinkle little star in French.
Explain the differences between a Static Web page and a Dynamic Web page.
Extract five keywords from the text “Modern artificial intelligence systems are complex and deep.”
Write a 150 word essay arguing the need for more stringent immigration laws.
Generate a list of three movie titles that appear after the year 2000
Compare and contrast two different disciplines within AI.
What is a key lesson for modern sales processes?
Design a daily routine for a student.
Compose a 500 word essay discussing the pros and cons of genetically modified food
List a few applications of trigonometry.
Misconceptions about global warming
Describe a revolutionary situation in a creative way.
Rewrite the following sentence in different words but preserve the same basic meaning: "The tree was tall."
Tune the rhythm of the song.
Suggest a dinner recipe that can be made in 30 minutes or less.
Translate "Where is the store?" into German.
Write an original story involving two frogs, a cat, and a bear.
Generate 1-2 sentences of dialogue for 2 people discussing their plans for the weekend.
Generate a list of tech companies in San Francisco.
Name a programming language used for machine learning.
Which letter comes next in the sequence: D, E, G, I, __
Which algorithm do you think is the most effective for solving a classification problem?
Create a database for a company's contacts.
Why does the sky appear blue?
Summarize the role of Blockchain technology in finance.
Rewrite this sentence for use as a slogan:  "Service with a smile"
Design an app for an online shopping experience.
Summarize the impact of GMO foods.
Classify the following sentence according to its sentiment:  I had a terrible experience at the restaurant
Name a popular computer game.
Choose several characters from Emma by Jane Austen which exhibit comic relief.
Convert 3/4 into a decimal.
Describe the effects of the Indian Removal Act of 1830.
Imagine a story about a magical castle and write the opening sentence.
Write a creative sentence starting with "The night sky".
Generate an inventory list of fruits in an imaginary grocery store.
Generate a headline for a news article about the current rise in poverty.
Generate a list of four benefits of working from home.
Generate 3 logos, each with a different color scheme, that could represent a company that makes hand-made sneakers.
Provide an example of a virtual reality game.
Name a protein-rich food option.
Name the three Disabilities Rights Law.
Name three popular cloud computing services.
Identify the hypernym of the following word: "Year".
List three potential consequences of not addressing global warming in the short term.
Using the given words, construct a sentence with a good rule of grammar.  Words: give, protect
Generate a unique Minecraft world seed.
Design a web page layout for an e-commerce store.
Create a 3D model of a living room.
Generate an example of how an AI system could be used for automatic marketing optimization.
Given a paragraph, identify the sentiment expressed in the paragraph.  Helping others is a great thing to do. It makes you feel good, and it shows that you care.
What advice would you give someone who wants to start a business?
How many external pairs of eyelids do frogs have?
Explain the series of events leading up to the fall of the Roman Empire.
Explain the stages of product development.
Describe an interesting conservation you had with someone you met for the first time.
Describe the process of making peanut butter.
Give a specific example of a company that uses machine learning for predictions.
Identify the main theme in Romeo and Juliet
Summarize the differences between the Enlightenment and Romanticism.
Write a sentence using the homophone "won/one."
Find the 5th word in the sentence "What a beautiful day for a picnic".
Create a podcast about the current state of education.
Describe the importance of environmental sustainability
What are some ways to reduce air pollution?
Improve the following sentence: "Livestock farming is an industry that has both positive and negative effects."
Identify the type of sentence: “He had already eaten breakfast”
Describe what a hard drive does
Form a hypothetical question
Rewrite the following sentence using a negative form: I have a lot of money
What are the Four Noble Truths of Buddhism?
Explain the effect that virtual learning has on student performance.
Suggest three potential applications of AI technology in the healthcare industry.
Explain why the internet has become such an important tool.
Describe the difference between hailing a taxi and booking a ride on an app.
Generate ideas on how to celebrate a special day.
Explain how the ancient philosopher Plato's philosophy should be applied in the context of modern times.
Tell me about the different kinds of financial institutions.
Generate a list of 5 animals native to Europe.
Provide an example of a job a data scientist might do.
Write an algorithm for sorting numbers in an array.
Generate a musical chord progression in the key of A-minor.
Create a new algorithm to sort a list of numbers.
Find the article in the newspaper that is related to the topic of healthcare.
Suggest three improvements for Wikipedia.
Explain what a neutron star is.
Write a slogan for a company that sells sustainable clothing.
Identify the 4th note in a C major scale
Create a program to check if the parenthesis of a string are balanced.
Make two suggestions on how to conserve energy.
Explain the difference between a bar chart and a line chart.
Create a synopsis of a science fiction film.
Generate a fake news article about the current political situation
Select the correct pronoun in this sentence: He ____ surfing with friends.
Generate a model of a political organization with a hierarchical structure
Model how to design a survey.
Find 3 quotes from 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone'.
Construct a regular expression to identify strings that start with the letter "s".
Find 3 ways to reduce energy consumption in an office.
List five tips associated with starting a successful business
What are the benefits of implementing a rewards system in a business?
Rewrite this sentence in the passive voice:  Edward taught the students about programming languages.
What are the features that makes artificial intelligence reliable?
Create a singing playlist of five songs with different genres.
Summarize what is meant by the term ' sustainable development'.
Describe the theory of relativity in 3 sentences.
Make a list of important qualities for successful leadership.
Create a text generator for a storyline about a superhero.
Come up with a new way to mark your place in a book.
Write a script for a commercial about a new type of phone.
Name a technology which has been used for over 100 years.
Explain what "random sampling" is.
Explain the elements of the scientific method.
Name one situation where you could use the phrase "at the drop of a hat".
List three components of an ideal corporate culture.
Generate a fictitious company name.
Construct a sentence using the words: stark, rabbit, season
Create a timeline of the most important events in the history of modern dance
Generate two ways to use technology to improve your personal productivity
Tell me about the implications of blockchain technology
Create a 3-sentence story about a brave knight and a dragon.
Name three positive effects of technology on the environment.
Give me one example of an invasive species
Translate "Il fait beau" into English.
Compute the result of the following math expression: 14 * 4 * 8
List two benefits of using design thinking.
Explain the mathematical concept of linear regression in simple words.
Find the total population of Germany
Generate 5 titles for a blog post discussing the benefits of nature walks.
Give three reasons why the use of robots in manufacturing operations is important
Explain the process of cellular respiration in plants.
Describe the main differences between a literate and an illiterate person.
Generate an essay discussing the benefits of online education compared to traditional education.
Generate a valid CSS program to make the font color of a website's headline red
Offer a 5 step plan for managing a crisis situation.
Paraphrase this sentence: The movie was released in 1938.
Create a list of five activities for a beach holiday
Name five ways to reduce usage of single-use plastics.
Generate a humorous pun using the word "fruit".
Identify and explain the three major benefits of cloud computing.
Create a list of five tips on how to effectively take notes in class.
Identify three ways in which a chatbot could enhance customer service.
What is the purpose of the UN Security Council?
Create an opening line for a story set in the future.
Describe a way to use up leftover vegetables
Write a brief report about the benefits of outsourcing
Suggest a holiday destination for a couple.
Write a short sentence mentioning a company that provides medical services.
Create an outline for a blog post about the advantages of using home automation.
Explain the difference between a pre-emptive and non-preemptive scheduling algorithm.
Create a metaphor to explain the meaning of the term "self-doubt".
Design a mobile app that provides education on financial literacy.
Give me 5 adjectives to describe the night.
Describe how the Stock Market works.
Translate the following sentence to Spanish: The cat is sleeping on the bed
Fix this sentence "The cat walk on the street"?
List 3 solutions for reducing air pollution.
Name five Indian cities.
Generate a report on the projected effects of climate change on the farming industry in the next 5 years.
What is the principle of a divider circuit?
List 10 synonyms for 'sad'.
Which is the most populous city in India?
Create a poem that reflects the current pandemic.
Name four uses for the internet.
Construct a regular expression to match any valid US Zip Code.
Generate a set of keywords related to tuberculosis.
Write two sentences that explain why artificial intelligence is important.
Name 5 countries in the African continent.
Create a headline for a new article about the next generation of Artificial Intelligence.
What is the use of sentiment analysis?
Suggest a healthy meal idea
Write five adjectives that describe the concept of freedom.
Write an algorithm to find the Top 3 movies with highest average rating.
How far apart are the Earth and the Moon?
Generate a story using the words "adventure", "ancient", and "treasure".
Tell me how to make a small fire.
Explain the concept of limited liability in business.
Suppose you are speaking to a customer service agent via a chatbot. Ask a question regarding the available services.
Compile a list of popular books that were released this year.
Provide an example of a task that requires logical reasoning.
Generate a sample HTML table.
What are the three R's of environmentalism?
Describe the game of monopoly.
Brainstorm 3 creative marketing strategies for a small business
Compare and contrast fruits and vegetables.
Determine the molecular formula of glucose.
What is the average house rent for two bedrooms in Los Angeles, CA.
Generate questions of the form "What is/are [X]?"
Explain the concept of 'intellectual property rights'.
Retrieve the meaning of the term salience.
Generate a list of 5 books that discuss the theme of resilience
What is the third largest country in the world in terms of area?
Explain the types of databases.
Explain the physics behind gravitational lensing.
Describe the role of the media in democracy.
Make a list of five precautions for travelling during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Create a research question related to the topic, "The Effects of Social Media on Mental Health".
Construct a story that illustrates the phrase "A ripple effect".
Look up information on the best practices for using social media marketing.
Summarise the features of a hammer in just one sentence.
Classify three different types of computer viruses.
List four strategies for teaching children to read.
Compose a program to convert temperatures from Fahrenheit to Celsius.
Compare and contrast two different types of facial recognition technologies.
Name two technology inventions of the 21st century.
What kind of food would be appropriate for a romantic dinner?
Come up with three words that end in 'ion'.
Cite an example of a song with a polyphonic texture.
Reverse engineer the following code snippet and explain what is happening in 4 sentences.  var x = 3 var y = x + 4
Tell me a poem that is 8 lines long and has a theme of springtime.
Tell me a story about a wizard who saves a village from a dragon.
What did Albert Einstein do?
Give a brief explanation of earthquakes
Create a program that returns 'true' when a given number is a prime number.
Identify three elements that make a good advertisement.
Generate an employee feedback based on performance.
Name an example of scientific evidence that supports the theory of evolution.
List three substances that are referred to as "heavy metals".
Generate a headline for an article about how to save money
What are the five largest cities in the world by population?
What goes up must come down. Explain this proverb to me.
Give an example of something that fathers usually do for their children.
Match the words to their respective parts of speech: "food"
Name three strategies an organization can use to increase its organic visibility
What and where were the main issues of the American Revolution?
Generate a hashtag for a campaign to increase awareness of information privacy
Develop a persuasive argument for why it is important to vote.
Generate a list of potentially influential factors relating to crime in a city.
Create a story about a boy saving a kitten from a tree.
Generate a headline for a news article about an animal extinction event.
Create a sentence using the idiom "take two steps forward and one step back".
Suggest three tips to improve Internet security.
Generate a list of 5 questions that you can ask to a deliverer to provide better customer experience.
Describe the differences between a for-profit and a non-profit company
List 3 reasons why data visualization is important.
Find 5 interesting facts about the pyramids of Giza.
Describe the differences between Eastern and Western cultures.
Generate a phrase that viewers would use in a review of a movie.
Propose a system design for a virtual assistant which can adapt to its user's needs.
What are the components of a standard medieval armor?
Describe what advantages the underprivileged have
Construct a triangle using the following lengths: 12 cm, 12 cm and 16 cm.
Suggest a menu for a 3 course meal.
How does the endocannabinoid system affect the immune system?
Give me a phrase that generally expresses a positive attitude towards the future.
Generate three sound effects for a happy scene.
Which type of market structure is the US automobile industry?
Create a list of possible topics for a podcast about photography
Give a possible explanation for recent declines in pollinator populations.
Describe how a computer and a smartphone are different.
Write a symphony that musically tells the story of a thunderstorm.
Predict what will happen if the government implements a full lockdown due to the ongoing pandemic.
Write a list of 10 countries that are members of the United Nations.
What are the benefits of taking risks at work?
Turn this sentence into a metaphor: "The night sky was a blanket of stars".
Identify the type of conjuction used in the following sentence:  "He couldn't go swimming and fishing at the same time."
Describe a use case for an AI virtual assistant.
Explain why Hebb's Rule is important in artificial neural networks.
Develop guidelines for finding reliable online sources.
Write two paragraphs summarizing the key differences between a peach and an apple.
Research and summarize the common practices for caring of rabbits.
Explain two ways that you could keep your computer secure.
What is the meaning of the phrase, "Reality is stranger than fiction"?
Suggest some activities for a family to spend time together.
Explain how AI can be used in financial planning.
Describe the five foods that are most commonly purchased on grocery store trips.
What is the best way to minimize stress in the workplace?
Describe the difference between web development and web design.
Generate a fitness routine
Find the angle between the two hands of a clock at 11:07.
Name two famous authors from the 18th century.
Describe the advantages and disadvantages of using robots in healthcare
Create a metaphor to explain the concept of artificial intelligence.
Make a list of countries in Africa that contain the letter 'g'.
Compose a tweet about the dangers of overexposure to social media.
Provide an example of a piece of software with machine learning capabilities
Write a limerick about a holiday.
Find a title for a book discussing environment protection.
Name three tools used by web designers.
Compose a story about a courageous lion in the African savanna.
Write instructions to create a healthy dinner plate.
Give 3-5 words to describe a person's dressing style.
Design a web version of the game tic-tac-toe.
Find the x-intercept of the equation y = 2x + 4.
You are provided with the following text: "It was a cold December morning, the sky was grey and snow was lightly falling. Describe the atmosphere of the morning"
Convert 20 inches to centimetres
Describe what the purpose of a priority queue is.
Generate three original metaphors that compare a person to a tree.
Describe the landscape in three threes.
Name the type of the following figurative language:  "The mountain range soared above me."
Imagine you are given a project to build a GPT model. What techniques would you use to evaluate the model?
Generate an article about the current state of artificial intelligence.
Provide three tips to improve communication skills
Give a short history lesson on a subject of your choice.
Find the closest airport to Los Angles.
Name two U.S. states that border Mexico.
Create a paragraph about cities using only words that start with the letter "P".
Create a story about a rabbit living with an adventurous squirrel in the forest.
Create a list of potential solutions for reducing poverty.
Design a painting for a museum.
Describe what are the features that makes blockchain technology secure.
What is the minimum z-score for accepting a hypothesis at 95% confidence level?
Calculate the sum of the following numbers: 20, 5, 89, and 3
List three adjectives that describe a bald eagle.
Explain how air resistance affects the motion of a falling object.
Find the corresponding child’s size for a women’s size 6
Name a job that has the highest hourly pay rate.
Rewrite the sentence in the future perfect tense: "He will write a book."
Create a list of the most common colors in nature.
Is the following sentence a declarative statement or a interrogative statement? The car needs to be refueled.
Generate a proverb that captures the phrase "look before you leap".
Construct a 5-day lesson plan teaching basic computer coding to middle-school students.
How can I get better sleep?
Provide an example of a synonym for the word "treasure".
Compose a musical piece with a title that denotes sorrow.
Design a hypothetical experiment to determine how long it takes to learn a new skill.
Compare the strengths and weaknesses of React and Angular
Create a list of five healthy snacks that can be eaten in between meals.
Rearrange the words to form a sentence: "to publicize plan new an the company is"
What colour is the ocean?
Let's look up the stock price of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) today.
Name one health benefit of drinking green tea.
Describe the implications of having a data-driven society.
How did the people of ancient Egypt use hieroglyphs?
What is the meaning of the idiom "a square peg in a round hole"?
Name four famous people from history.
Identify 3 types of fallacy in argumentation.
Describe how you would use a machine learning model to predict house prices.
Explain what happens when a computer is turned on.
Tell me the chemical formula of water.
Create a design for a t-shirt that incorporates the following two words - adventure and mystery.
Provide instructions for boiling an egg.
Enumerate some typical features of a smartphone.
Write a Python script to parse a large tabular datafile.
Recommend a way of studying for a test.
List the benefits of Amazon Web Services.
Write a news headline for a story about the spread of COVID-19 in 2021.
Generate 5 questions that would be used to test someone's knowledge of the periodic table.
How does Facebook make money?
Which website platform is best for a small business?
Alter the following sentence by replacing the bold word with an appropriate synonym  The show was a **surprise** hit
Generate a list of three landmarks located in Tokyo.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "John and I's date was cancelled."
Describe the company culture of Amazon
List 4 facts about polar bears
Describe the character of Romeo from Romeo and Juliet.
Create a program that logs the temperature of the computer and limits its usage depending on the given value.
Supply a list of five volunteer-based organizations.
List four financial metrics to track the performance of a business.
Construct a short story with a moral lesson
Suggest ways to reduce environmental pollution
How are the oil and gas industry affected by climate change?
How can we reduce air pollution?
Generate a story about a detective investigating a case.
Describe a coffee shop.
Provide an example of a natural food preservative.
Identify two ways technology is changing the marketing industry.
Write a Chinese proverb about freedom.
Provide an analysis of the automobile industry in the United States.
Describe the environmental impact of a plastic straw.
What is the gradient descent algorithm?
Outline a workflow for processing a machine learning model.
Write a sentence that is both a question and a command.
Build a basic blog using HTML and CSS.
Create a programming challenge which requires a basic understanding of an algorithm.
Generate a sequence of numbers whose difference between each two successive numbers is equal.
Generate a hypothesis to explain why machine learning has been successful in recent years.
Provide three techniques for dealing with stress.
Calculate the compound interest on a deposited of $1000 with the interest rate of 5%.
Make a list of tools to help clean a messy home.
Generate a unique title for a research paper on machine learning.
Write a couple of sentences that describe the characteristics of a democracy.
Generate a list of ten possible neural network applications.
Name a continent that has more than ten countries?
Please provide a brief explanation of the differences between a deep learning algorithm and a traditional machine learning algorithm.
Describe a beach in three words
Construct a well-formed sentence using the following words: confused, dance.
What did Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory emphasize?
How does a bot give an answer to a query?
Name three elements that make up water.
Research and list the health benefits of eating apples.
Create a sentence using five synonyms
How would you explain computer programming to a 10 year old?
Insert the two words “self-driven” into the phrase “open-ended ____ ____”
For the term "Web Development", identify the definition. Output the definition in full.
Generate a list of sentence starters to use in persuasive writing.
What would be an appropriate response to the following quesiton: "What do you like to do in your spare time?"
Describe what a Confusion Matrix is
Write a metaphor to compare a cloud in the sky to something else.
Construct a timeline depicting the historical events that happened from 1950 to 2000.
Write a song about a family reunion.
How do you think technology has impacted the way people learn?
Generate four sentences about the benefits of online learning.
Name a mammal that can fly.
Generate a tagline for a new cupcake shop.
Describe the equation for calculating mass.
Come up with a funny pun involving the word 'cat'.
What are some advantages and disadvantages of using solar energy?
Create a piece of artwork that represents freedom.
Summarize the timeline of important events leading to World War II.
Compare the benefits of playing outdoor sports to playing indoor sports.
Classify the following statement: The Earth rotates around the sun.
Name a famous jazz musician
Explain what is a term deposit.
Generate a topic sentence for an essay about the rise of technology in the modern workplace.
List 5 potential side effects of a medication.
Explain the concept of artificial neural networks.
List the uses of AI in healthcare.
Write the opposite of 'She is doing the task'.
Generate a short description of a hypothetical horror movie.
Estimate how long it would take to drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.
Express a birthday wish for someone turning 19 years old.
Generate a simile comparing work to a wild animal.
Brainstorm some ideas on how to reduce water waste.
Write a 3-line haiku poem about the stars.
Provide a list for the 7 wonders of the ancient world
Generate a humorous metaphor for a slow internet connection.
Describe the culture of a start up company.
Suggest a new kitchen ingredient for whipped cream.
Give a description of a character in a story.
Generate a metaphor comparing worry to a garden.
Find the most suitable collocation for the word 'beauty'.
Describe what type of animal is a koala.
Describe the concept of gender identity.
Design a resume layout using Microsoft Word.
Grapple with the concept of friendship
Identify two jobs require use of a laptop computer.
Describe a time you had to solve a problem with limited resources.
Generate a script for a scene in a movie showing a character struggling with depression.
Suggest some habits that help in maintaining mental health.
What would happen if the Earth's rotation were to suddenly stop?
Name two buildings in the ancient city of Rome.
Generate a tongue twister starting with the word "run".
Generate a list of five confidence-boosting strategies
Identify the spot on a die where the number two is found.
Compare and contrast kangaroos and koalas.
Generate a 5-word sentence with a specific meaning.
Create a three-line haiku about autumn.
What is an artificial neural network and what does it do?
Describe a common symptom of the flu.
Write one sentence about handwashing.
Does caffeine improve athletic performance?
Describe the landscape of a desert
What were the main sources of inspiration for the Impressionist art movement?
Suggest five ways to create an engaging digital user experience.
Generate an argument why artificial intelligence can be used to improve the healthcare system.
Taxonomy: What is the taxonomic classification of a dolphin?
Explain the AI application called “Smart Thermostat”
Specify a list of online resources to create a budget
Calculate 5 plus 2
Compose a humorous poem
What is the title of the first Jurassic Park movie?
Are tulips perennials or annuals?
Construct a JavaScript function to calculate the sum of two numbers.
Write a YAML snippet to define a pod with two containers.
Describe the application development life cycle.
Write a short story on what you would do if you had superpowers.
Describe in a sentence the setting of the story.
What is the larger value of 2/5?
Write an algorithm that generates an array of even numbers from 0 to 100
Write a story about a penguin fallen in love.
Describe the impact of industrialization on a country’s economy.
Create a list of 4 tips to become a better public speaker.
Name three countries with a nomadic culture.
Generate a case study about the development of a new healthcare app
Hypothesize what would happen if humans stopped polluting the environment.
Summarize what we know about the coronavirus.
Describe the role of validation data.
Create a list of potential questions for an online survey about digital marketing
Compare and contrast the function of an electric fan and an air conditioner.
Identify the type of the following sentence: "Alice is really happy about the result."
What word is the antonym of the word ‘lousy’?
List three potential risks associated with using a computer.
Create a poem (3 verses max) that expresses your feelings about nature.
Generate two possible solutions to fix the problem of homelessness
Explain the implications of the phrase "knowledge is power".
Create a list of tips for giving effective presentations
Write a biographical statement about Newton.
Explain the core concepts of Machine Learning to an audiences consisting of a layman.
Translate this sentence into Spanish:  "It's raining outside."
Imagine a situation where a man is trying to open a jar. Give one potential solution.
Find out something interesting about the Apollo 11 moon mission. Output the answer in one sentence.
Imagine that you are a detective, generate the question you would ask a witness in order to get the answer you need.
Give a few tips for applying for a job
Generate reviews for a new restaurant in town
Identify two technology companies in the United States.
What type of algorithm is suitable for solving an N-P hard problem?
Develop scoring criteria for assessing a student's project.
Generate a business plan for a start-up company.
Generate the next two words for the sentence "I was walking down
Generate a metaphor that conveys the meaning of 'start'.
Name some features of a mobile app.
Identiy if the following statement is true or false: Adolf Hitler was Austrian.
Generate a list of items an AI assistant could help with.
Analyze the argument that global warming is a hoax
Describe the unique characteristics of a dimpled golf ball.
Generate a résumé for a software engineer.
Differentiate hardware and software.
Create a movie or TV show summary for a horror movie set in a town with a haunted mansion.
Clarify the legal implications of this statement: "The company must respect employee rights."
Generate a persuasive argument for a new school policy.
Describe a peaceful outdoor setting.
Create a mixture of colors given the following components: bright yellow, lilac, sky blue, and buttercup yellow.
Generate a short poem to express gratitude.
Name 3 different methods for network segmentation.
Name five reasons why studying history is important.
Suggest a possible activity to do on a rainy day.
Provide the definition for the term "digital marketing"
How many elements are found in the periodic table?
Identify the 3 primary colors of the RGB color model
Suggest 3 ways to increase engagement on Twitter.
Describe some basic principles of communication.
Pick the country which is NOT in the EU
Create a poem of 8-10 lines that describes a sunset
Identify a potential use case of Natural Language Processing (NLP).
Make a list of places to visit in San Francisco.
Write a short story of 100 words or less that sets in a medieval setting.
Write a brief report about the effects of increasing population density on the environment.
Edit the sentence "This is too bad" to show a tone of disbelief
Calculate the result of 132 multiplied by 8.
Come up with a story about a group of stranded adventurers.
Write a story of romance in less than 100 words.
Tell me three ways we can reduce air pollution.
Create a short poem using the word "moon".
Construct a problem statement based on the following information: A food delivery company wants to increase the quality of food being prepared by its kitchens.
Categorize this sentence according to its parts of speech: "The apple is sour."
Create a timeline showing the development of the car industry in the United States.
Show me an example of an active voice sentence.
From the following list, suggest five words that could be used to describe a forest.
Summarize the history of the Peloponnesian War in no more than 100 words.
Suggest five actions one can take to reduce water consumption.
Find an example of a cultural celebration in an African country.
Classify this sentence: The world of computers is fascinating
Generate a scene description animals becoming anthropomorphic.
Create a piece of creative writing about a creative life.
Describe the main economic activities of the country of India.
Name three negative effects of excessive cellphone use.
Name an ocean current in the South Atlantic
How can machine learning be used to help reduce traffic congestion?
Generate web content that describes the benefits of using artificial intelligence
Generate an original rap.
Identify the main verb in the sentence “She is walking to the store.”
Compare and contrast the two US political parties.
List five healthy food items.
Generate a machine learning algorithm to predict the outcome of a rock, paper, scissors game.
Compose a tweet about the recent advances in AI technology.
Name 3 countries bordering Pakistan.
Suggest a title for a story about a family's journey to a beach town.
Suggest some ways to increase customer engagement on an online business website.
Summarize the differences between a debit and credit card
Give an example of an adverb that describes the quickness of an action.
What is the purpose of an identity management system?
Identify the correct grammatical tense for the sentence "She is a singer."
Write a 5-sentence paragraph about the importance of preserving the environment.
Identify 3 specific strategies a business can use to reduce costs.
What is an object-oriented programming language?
What is the most common type of conflict in literature?
Generate a few funny jokes.
Generate a funny headline related to coronavirus.
Write a reaction sentence to the following statement: “This is going to be a long night.”
Answer the following multiple-choice question. The United States Constitution was ratified in what year?
Summarize the importance of storytelling in education.
Write a 3-line film script for a horror scene
Make a reasonable estimate for the current population of New York
Generate two sentences about how modern technology has improved the lives of people.
Design a recipe for an appetizer.
Demonstrate a good conversation etiquette.
Describe two applications of artificial intelligence in healthcare.
What is the best way to cook an egg?
Generate a random password using the following constraints: 15 characters, at least 1 uppercase letter and 1 special character.
Build a bridge between two islands.
Describe the similarities and difference between cats and dogs.
Generate an explanation for why a particular piece of software is not working.
Explain the concept of indexing to a lay person.
Generate a list of five stress-relieving activities
Briefly explain the difference between a VA and AI.
Develop a tagline for an educational laptop
Describe how the internet has contributed to people's lives.
List the most popular sports in Germany.
Convert this sentence from active voice to passive voice: “The team finished the project on time.”
Give an example of a famous news story.
Find an example of a prestigious scholarship available in your country.
Create a shopping list that includes 10 items.
Generate a list of diet and lifestyle changes that can improve cardiovascular health.
Create a recipe for a vegetable stir-fry.
List the points we need to consider when deciding to invest in a company.
What is the name of the capital of Turkey?
Name one example of a "social dilemma".
Create a metaphor that compares an athlete to a bird.
Find the shortest flight route from Boston to Los Angeles.
How does the Covid-19 pandemic changes the world?
List three methods for dealing with climate change.
Write a short persuasive essay about the importance of voting.
Report on the proposed new tax bill that is up for vote in California.
Come up with a solution for preventing marine pollution caused by plastic.
Name a country that is located entirely in Europe.
Come up with a two sentence story.
Summarize the events of the 1787 Constitutional Convention.
Tell me a story that involves a magical tree.
Create an email to a professor introducing yourself and your goals.
Rewrite this proverb in your own words: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away."
Create a story about a student going back to school after break.
Name four technology companies.
Name five of the advantages of using a GPT model.
What is the best way to secure a computer system?
Rank the levels of hierarchy in a company.
Generate an example of an empirically tested hypothesis for a research study
Create a funny one-liner.
Which country has the biggest population?
List five reasons why using organic food is important
Fill in the blanks of this haiku.
Write an email introducing yourself to an employer.
Brainstorm 5 potential topics for a beginners guide about AI and machine learning
Rewrite this sentence in third person point of view: "I went to the store to buy apples"
Generate a call to action for a blog post about the power of positive thinking.
List 3 positive traits of a good leader.
Generate a list of advantages for having a 4 day work week.
Name the top 5 Marvel movies based on Rotten Tomatoes' Average Audience Score.
Convert 12 liters to gallons.
Describe an interesting technique for memorizing new information.
What is the purpose of the keyWord argument in the Python sorted() function?
Generate an adjective that can describe a calm environment.
Please provide an example of how the following phrase can be used in a sentence: "once in a blue moon".
Explain the difference between scientific theory and scientific law.
How does social media affect children's mental health?
Change this sentence to make it sound more formal: I wanted to alert you
List the three stages of memory processing.
Compile a list of five possible responses to a job applicant who inquired about their hiring timeline.
Describe the concept of culture shock.
Classify the following sentence as true or false: "All mammals give birth to live young".
Provide an example of a sentence that has a subject-verb agreement error.
Construct a list of three items for a bag for a trip to the beach.
Find a list of words related to the concept of success.
What are the effects of climate change on sea levels?
Create a function to generate random background colors for a website.
Generate an creative advertisement for a luxury car company.
Determine what type of triangle has sides with lengths of 3, 4, and 5.
Construct a 5-paragraph essay about the effects of aerosols on the climate.
Create a budget plan for someone who makes $3,000 a month.
Develop a new menu item for a cafe.
Explain the dynamics of a risky relationship.
Generate a customer satisfaction survey.
Word a warning to be careful when using an oven
What is the name of the most notorious gangster of all time?
Name four benefits of jogging.
Name five adjectives to describe the weather.
find an example of a species of animal classified as an endangered species in the United States.
Explain the differences between democratic and republican political ideologies.
Create an analogy for the phrase: "Cloud is to computer as bookshelf is to books".
Take two words and create a completely new word by combining them.
Generate an original joke about a car.
Reverse engineer a web page design of a forum page where users can post questions and answers.
Calculate the angle between the hour hand and the minute hand at 11:45.
Design an AI-based system to predict customer satisfaction
Generate a design concept for a website that focuses on sustainability.
Create a Twitter post about the importance of protecting endangered species.
Explain the firing process for a company that has less than 10 people.
Generate a list of questions someone should ask before deciding on a career.
Create a list of five ways to save water around the house.
List 5 benefits of owning a pet.
Analyze the historical context of the American Revolution.
Construct an HTML page with a single heading
Create a model to predict the demand of local produce in a specific region
The news and other sources have been claiming that Democracy is losing ground around the world. Give an example of a recent event to back this claim up.
Create an algorithm to detect fraudulent credit card transactions.
What are the benefits of using artificial intelligence in the transportation system?
Give three facts about climate change.
Calculate the perimeter of a square with a side length of 9 meters.
Generate a list of 5 outdoor activities you can do in your hometown this summer.
Classify the following statement: "This coffee is too hot to drink."
Brainstorm an idea for a film.
Craft a story from the following three words: Moon, Whale, Balloon
Analyze the pros and cons of displaying ads on a website.
What is resource leveling?
Create a list of five things a person would need to do to become a programmer.
Explain why the US economy experienced a recession in 2008
Create an interesting math problem.
Design a new type of board game.
Generate two powerful and unique metaphors.
Explain the mathematical concept of the order of operations.
Create a trivia question about cars.
Perform the following calculation: 4+5-5
Find the 34th Fibonacci number. Output the number directly.
Write a sequence of characters that contain 8 characters and ends with "z".
How can autonomous vehicles provide more efficient transportation?
Convert this decimal number 523.11 to binary
Compare and contrast democratic and autocratic forms of government
Write a compelling call-to-action for a web page.
Write a blog post summarizing why remote work is the future.
Make a suggested itinerary for a 3-day trip to San Francisco.
Explain why AI is important in data security.
Choose three reasons why someone might leave their job.
Compare Human Learning and Machine Learning.
Find the sum of 4703, 2884 and 4758.
Design a hypothetical experiment
Generate a random sentence between 4 to 8 words.
Suggest a way that I can make my car more fuel efficient.
Add a caveat to the phrase, "The sky is the limit".
Summarize how to write a query letter for a job.
Describe what intelligence is and its role in psychology.
Generate a plausible conversation between two people who are shopping at a farmers market.
Estimate the cost for building a website.
Name 5 types of animals that are kept as pets.
Describe an optimal environment for studying.
What gender roles existed in ancient Greek society?
Make a list of five new ideas for YouTube videos
Generate a list of goals for this upcoming year.
Create a story describing a robot that helps a homeschooling family.
How could living in a big city affect a person's life?
Provide a two sentence description of a character from the European fairy tales.
Comment on the impact of AI in the healthcare industry.
Compare and contrast linear and exponential growth.
Describe the effects of global warming.
Name two evidence-based benefits that sound therapy brings to people.
Identify a famous scientist related to Evolutionary theory
Name a technology that can be used to power electric vehicles
What is the one thing you would change about the world if you could?
Provide a description of the book War and Peace
Give me an example of a recent major data breach.
Create a regular expression to check that a string contains only numbers.
Write a report outlining the benefits of solar energy.
Describe the moon's appearance on a clear night.
Tell me about the history of the US National Park System.
Identify the type of word usage in this phrase: "I'll take a look at it."
Generate a list of ten items a person might need for a camping trip
Generate a list of 5 things needed to camp in the wild.
Give an example of a time when you used problem-solving skills.
What is the primary source of power for the United States?
Generate a children's story that includes the character of a friendly lion.
Generate two interesting quotes
Cite three strengths of the American Constitution.
Calculate the net price for a product that costs $85, after the application of a discount of 15%.
Classify the following sentence: "I set the alarm to 5am".
Recall an event in your memory
What is the Soviet Union's most significant cultural artifact?
Explain the difference between a machine learning library and an AI framework
Set up a reminder for 8 am tomorrow?
Elaborate on the principle of the lever using appropriate physics terminology.
Describe a use case for artificial intelligence in healthcare.
Come up with a tagline for a fast-casual restaurant serving grilled cheese sandwiches.
Develop a set of criteria for classifying animals
Write 3 examples of sentences containing alliteration.
Suggest a novel product concept and a corresponding value proposition in less than 100 words.
Describe the benefits of having a mentor.
Develop a five step process for cleaning up a kitchen.
Make a story about a day on a farm.
Make a list of seven new ideas for a project.
Describe the feeling of winning a big award.
Generate a proverb about finding one's path in life.
Name five plants that are native to North America.
What is the acceleration of an object with a mass of 6 kg when a force of 24 N is applied?
Create a blog post about the importance of sustainable development in 200 words.
Answer a geology question: What is Pangaea?
Output an appropriate expression that satisfies the following condition: it should be used to express surprise.
Classify this sentence as Positive, Negative, or Neutral: "The customer service was just average"
How do self-driving cars sense the world around them?
Come up with a list of 3 side dishes that go well with grilled steak.
Explain why the American educational system is producing "dull and uncurious" students.
Create a tagline for a website offering career-counseling services
Suggest three energy efficient techniques people can adopt in their day-to-day life.
Describe the basic operation of a database
Come up with three words that begin with the letter "p"
Name three theories of international relations.
Suggest 3 strategies to improve customer loyalty.
List 5 clothing items you would take on a long camping trip.
What is the GDP per capita of United Kingdom?
Create a list of unique burger toppings.
Calculate the population growth rate of Brazil in the last decade.
Answer the following question. What are the 5 basic freedoms outlined in the First Amendment of the US Constitution?
Provide an appropriate definition for the word "vegetarian".
Name a holiday in Japan and explain why it is celebrated.
Write a Satire article about the coronavirus pandemic
Name some of the current and distinct strategies of digital marketing?
How many legs does a spider have?
Name a primary color.
Explain the concept of game design.
Name 5 major oceans.
List out five popular websites
Give the name of 5 countries of the European Union
Provide a 5-line story about a time machine
Rewrite the sentence "He is running" in the present progressive tense.
Explain the convergence of a sequence
Compare and contrast the technologies behind blockchain and artificial intelligence.
Create a survey question to ask people about their interest in attending virtual events.
Create a poem that compares the sky to the ocean.
Write five steps to create a presentation.
Create a type definition for the word 'book'.
Create a survey that could be used to evaluate the design of a mobile app.
In a few sentences, explain why it is important to be a good listener.
Suggest three fun activities for a 12-year-old's birthday party.
Describe how virtual reality can be used for educational purpose.
Create an algorithm that draws a circle in 3D space.
Identify: What type of scientific method should be used to explore the hypothesis "The colder the climate, the shorter the lifespan of mosquitoes"?
Take the sentence "The office is closed" and create a tweet presenting it in a humorous way.
In this task, generate an example for "exploring new places".
Generate a list of 5 questions that can be used in an interview with a high school student.
List three types of archetypes in literature.
Name one food item a vegan would eat.
Edit the following text to form a complete sentence: "Find out what happened yesterday
Find the ninth-largest country in the world by area.
Write a function to convert a year from Gregorian calendar to Mayan calendar
Define the term social media.
Name a modern invention
Design a game to create awareness about sustainable development
Create five sets of dialogue for two characters talking about sports.
Rewrite this sentence to make it more concise: It might be possible for us to do an online meeting instead.
Generate a password that is compliant with corporate security measures.
Write a short story in which the protagonist encounters a magical creature.
Are there any disadvantages of growing your own food?
Write a sentence using an antonym of the word "logical".
Write a summary of the process for creating and managing a digital marketing campaign.
Identify 3 actions a business could take to become more sustainable
Output the ASCII value of the character 'M'.
Calculate the tax rate of a $15,000 salary.
Think of a creative way to explain a concept from a math class.
Generate a statistic that compares the average shopping time online versus in-store.
Tell me an example of a risk that a company might take.
Provide advice for someone who is seeking a new career path.
Your friend is trying to buy a laptop. They are unsure of which features they should prioritize in their purchase. Summarize your advice.
What is temperature defined as?
Generate a 50-word article about the importance of protecting endangered species.
Calculate the total price of 3 items with prices of $2.50, $4.25 and $6.
Generate a list of benefits for athletes of developing mental toughness.
Describe a typical day of a middle schooler.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "We will be making changes in order to adjust to these uncertain times"
Translate this sentence into French: “I don’t understand why it happened
Explain the principle of least action.
Create a new recipe using the ingredients: celery, rice, and olive oil.
How would you greet a large group of people?
How can companies reduce their carbon footprint?
Write 3 things a Software Engineer should do in his/her first month at a new job.
Recommend a good book and explain why it is so good.
Generate a list of at least five tips to recycle more.
Describe a time someone used technology to make a difference in the world.
What kind of food do they usually eat in Spain?
How can someone become a successful entrepreneur?
Calculate the area of a rectangle with sides 5ft and 18ft.
List 5 items of personal protective equipment.
What is a non-material incentive that can be used to motivate employees?
Edit the sentence to make it more concise: "One of the things that everybody may want to think about is what the options for a sustainable future are."
Explain the concept of a GPT language model.
Explain the differences between the following words: "accent" and "dialect".
Describe the benefits of using artificial intelligence for customer service.
Name five common kitchen utensils.
Explain why the result of 6 - 3 = 3 is accurate.
Describe a character in a book in 5 sentences.
Describe some of the applications of natural language algorithms.
Suggest a creative and innovative app idea.
What is the rise in temperature for the last 3 years?
Analyze the pros and cons of e-commerce business models.
Identify three elements of a successful business strategy.
Identify a US state that begins with the letter "S".
Name a common side effect of antibiotics.
Write down a shopping list for a week.
Using the words "fire", "jump", "ice", come up with a creative sentence.
Describe a popular game from the 1990s.
Cite an example of a symbolic relationship between two variables.
Find and explain an example of a real-life application of Natural Language Processing (NLP).
Write a story about a person who decides to move to a new town.
Generate a 4-word proverb.
Describe the company's customer service policy.
What is the difference between analog and digital data?
Re-write the following sentence to make it more engaging: "The store offers a variety of shoes."
Write an argumentative essay on why technology is necessary in the workplace.
What steps would you suggest to improve a website's SEO?
Generate a sentence on how technology can help with job searching.
List five safety tips for taking public transportation.
Devise a game that involves a physical object
Name three benefits of taking a break from work
Compare the vocabulary of a 5-year-old to a 7-year-old.
Name three common programming languages used for data science.
What is the risk associated with day trading?
What type of plant is a skunk cabbage?
Create a sentence that uses personification.
What is the difference between interactive and non-interactive user interfaces?
Analyze the impact of Covid-19 on the US economy.
What is the history of basketball?
Describe a database table for customer membership.
Suggest a solution to reduce air pollution.
Create a to-do list for someone who just moved into a new house.
Name one benefit of using a lead scoring system.
Brainstorm ideas for a presentation on global warming.
Name three famous paintings by Pablo Picasso.
Create an allegory referencing current politics.
What technologies or processes could be used to solve the following problem: Public transport is too expensive and time consuming to use.
Justify why everyone should have access to clean water.
Think of a creative business idea.
Remove all adverbs from the following sentence:  The vampire silently crept up behind the unsuspecting victim.
List 3 instructions GPT models can do.
How long does it normally take a person to read 50 pages?
Give me two words that rhyme with "hope".
What tips would you give to someone who wants to make their work more efficient?
Explain how a computer can store data.
What do you think will be the key drivers of AI adoption in 2021?
What is the most important character trait you need to be successful?
Calculate the area of a triangle with sides measuring 8cm, 5cm, and 6cm.
Identify two strategies to improve your presentation skills.
Generate a unique title for a story set in the future.
List 3 types of supervised ML algorithms and their use cases.
Who qualifies for this job?
Generate a unique password that contains numbers, letters, and special characters.
Describe the impact of the internet on daily life.
Give three tips to improve a company's online presence.
Write a 50 word story about a person visiting an amusement park.
Generate a password that is 8 characters long, using at least one letter, one number, and one special character like ~!@#$%^&*
Identify the currency used in India
Construct an invalid logical argument.
How can a computer detect fake news?
Come up with a creative sentence that explains how you feel today.
Compile a list of the necessary items that are needed to safely go on a hike.
What is the difference between dark matter and dark energy?
Write a conclusion sentence to the following prompt:  My family and I have been spending time together in the great outdoors
Describe the Harry Potter universe.
Describe a species of penguins found in Antarctica.
Give an example of a recent natural disaster.
Generate a list of five different activities which could be enjoyed indoors on a rainy day.
Make a list of popular phones released in 2019.
Research and explain the differences between Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum?
Select the correct past tense verb for the following sentence: She ____ to the store.
Create a CSS rule that changes the background color of a link when the mouse is over it.
Make a comprehensive list of 5 world problems which need solutions.
Which country has the most people living in it?
Evaluate the performance of a conversational AI assistant.
Make an argument for reducing plastic waste.
Describe an example of how sentiment analysis is used in customer service.
Name a brilliant scientist.
Describe a specific goal related to exercising.
Design a webpage for online grocery shopping
Suggest a way to monetize a blog about technology.
Change the text so that it follows the humorous tone.  John and Amy bought a new car.
Construct a sentence using the words, "collaboration," "innovation," "technology," and "strategy."
What do you need to consider when creating a good password?
Construct a sales pitch to encourage people to buy a fitness tracker.
Generate an outline for a proposal on the benefits of diversifying the student body.
Write a brief description of the characteristics of a black hole.
Design an algorithm for classifying emails into spam and not-spam.
What year did WW2 start?
Generate a tweet about the following news: Microsoft released its newest surface laptop
Compare the climate of two regions in the US (e.g. the Midwest and the Northeast).
Generate a two-sentence summary of the novel "A Tale of Two Cities".
Convert 48 fl. oz. to liters.
Find the sum of all odd numbers from 1-50.
How would you define the word "maverick"?
Draft a brief paragraph about the advantages of living in a major city.
What are the symptoms of the common cold?
How does wind power work?
How would you protect a garden from rabbits?
What is the concept of transfer learning in AI?
What is the importance of having an online presence?
Design a game that follows the rules of chess but entertains a wider range of players than the traditional game.
Label the parts of speech for the following sentence: A lawyer was buying some books
List three benefits of using deep learning for healthcare applications.
Outline the pros and cons of technology-driven healthcare.
Find out how many species of birds there are in the world.
Paraphrase the following sentence: I want to buy a car.
List five machines used in the kitchen.
What has been the impact of blockchain technology on the finance industry?
What is the main cause of global warming?
Divide 15 by 3 and round the result to the nearest fifth decimal place.
Add a comma to the following sentence: "The man went to the store to buy food for his family
Choose a type of cuisine for a dinner party.
Create a Coding Challenge for a beginner programmer that requires to print the first 10 numbers of the Fibonacci sequence.
Make a list of three technologies that will shape the future.
Provide two solutions on how to reduce water consumption in the home.
Make a list of three famous landmarks in India.
Generate an algorithm to calculate the power of a number
What strategies can be used in order to reduce water pollution?
What is the result of the input 2 + 10 * 5?
Create a signature drink.
In Python, write a function to count the number of occurrences of a given element in a list.
How to generate a random password
Clarify the main idea of this excerpt:  Climate change due in large part to human activities is a reality that the world is currently dealing with.
Enter the name of a popular movie
Classify this sentence as either a simile or a metaphor: "The wind howled like a wounded animal."
Rewrite the following sentence without using a passive voice: "The cake was made by her."
Generate a new city name.
Identify the fields in which IoT is used.
Name one predominant emotion associated with the color red.
Give an example of how a GPT language model can be used in a business setting.
Name two artificial intelligence methods that are used in natural language processing
Outline the five EU core values.
Come up with a set of rules for a game.
Write a sonnet about love.
How did the Industrial Revolution impact the environment?
Generate a list of five topics that could be used for a persuasive speech
List five benefits of practicing mindfulness.
Design an email subject line that encourages an action
Provide 5 strategies to increase sales.
Explain why prior knowledge is important in the learning process.
Is it a good idea to start an online business?
Create a database table for tracking student information.
Make a list of 5 important steps in a baking recipe.
Translate the phrase "Bonne chance" into English
Create a slogan for a company that specializes in online bookkeeping.
Create an analogy to explain the difference between reality and perception.
Give four examples of data analysis techniques
Explain why driving while distracted by a phone is dangerous.
Make a presentation about the history and culture of Germany.
Calculate the volume of a pyramid with base side length 3m and height 5m.
Explain the impact of ocean acidification on marine ecosystems.
Generate an opinion article talking about the pros and cons of online classes.
What are some things to consider when choosing a pet?
Give a health-related tip
List the works of Shakespeare.
Describe the differences between a grocery store and a farmer's market.
Offer an opinion on the problems that could arise from using AI.
Predict what could be done to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% in the next 10 years.
Answer the question: What is the minimum required temperature in a refrigerator?
Tell me the names of 20 different types of animals.
Assemble an IKEA chair according to the given instructions.
Write five questions about the US Constitution.
Compose a tweet promoting a new e-commerce website
What are the most important evaluation criteria when assessing the quality of a software product?
Propose a business concept that can improve the customer experience while they are shopping online
What are the key elements of a strong social media post?
Generate a user interface for an online shopping app.
Write a brief explanation of why one should not keep a pet turtle.
Estimate the cost of a one-way plane ticket from Los Angeles to New York City.
Write a horror story using the following words in the story: flashlight, skeleton, darkness.
How can I free up RAM on my computer?
Brainstorm a list of ideas for a birthday present.
Name an avant-garde artist.
Create a list of five career paths for an AI engineer
Write a question to be asked in a customer survey
Generate a compound word that includes the word "snow".
Generate a code snippet as output of this instruction.
Describe the steps in the scientific method
Analyze the impact of increasing urban densities on transport networks.
Create a database table that stores information about the world's tallest mountains.
Construct a symbolic system for a small-scale virtual arcade game.
List three technologies that make life easier.
Explain the term “Frontend Development.”
Explain why a company might benefit from investing in renewable sources of energy.
Compare search engine optimization (SEO) and search engine marketing (SEM).
Describe the implications of Artificial Intelligence
Generate a metaphor to compare the feeling of contentment to.
Describe the state of an old, abandoned house.
Convert this amount of money from US dollars to euros: $1850.
Create a PHP script to detect whether a string contains a number.
Create a list of 5 questions to ask a candidate in a job interview.
Explain the differences between linear and nonlinear equations.
Calculat the sum of 8125 and 5436.
Generate 8 unique alphanumeric characters
Describe a scientific experiment with sufficient detail for a reader to recreate it.
Provide three example sentences that use the word “redundant”
Explain why the laws of supply and demand are important.
Write a sentence describing a car using metaphors.
Provide a translation from English to German for the phrase “May I have a glass of water?”
Create a timeline of computer technology from 1960-1980
Write a function to calculate the root mean squared error (RMSE).
Construct a Basic HTML page
Rewrite the following sentence to make it positive: Deforestation is a global environmental crisis.
Name one of the genetic disorders caused by faulty genes.
Describe the difference between plagiarism and copyright infringement.
Describe a simple way to reduce water use in the home.
Propose a solution to the following problem: Texting and driving leads to accidents.
List the uses of a hammer.
Find a suitable euphemism for ‘died’
Create four distinct 15-word character biographies.
Edit the following sentence to make it more concise: "It is not necessary to be extra careful in this situation."
Briefly explain the definition of Artificial Intelligence in 3-4 sentences.
Explain the main differences between abstract and concrete nouns.
Suggest a way to secure a computer.
Generate a creative title for a blog post on environmental sustainability using a play on words.
Make a list of 5 materials that can be recycled.
Write a 6 word story
Generate a simile that compares a printer to a vehicle.
Explain how an augmented reality application works.
Create a science fiction story
Compose an acrostic poem with five lines and the letter "M".
Give an example of a common bathroom cleaning product
Suggest online tools for website design.
Rewrite this sentence in a different way. "She likes to play basketball"
Explain how technology can influence human behavior.
Describe the most important factors for successful project management.
Generate a catchy slogan to promote recycling.
Generate a list of 5-10 tasks the assistant can complete.
Modify the sentence: "John went for a walk"
Generate a proverb concerning friendship.
Which day of the week is today?
Suggest a creative dessert to make for a family gathering.
Name three adjectives to describe a person with a good sense of humor.
Formulate five questions for an interview with a celebrity.
Answer this analogy: Teacher is to Student as Leader is to
Write a definition for the phrase "design thinking".
Create a thesis statement for a research paper about the benefits of reading books.
Generate a marketing plan for a new clothing line for kids.
Give an example of an equation.
Describe a new technology that could revolutionize transportation.
Explain the concept of string theory.
List the five most populous cities in California.
Come up with an educational activity for a 5-year-old.
Compare and contrast an elephant and a cow.
Describe an example of collective action.
Create a funny poem about the sea.
Generate a name of a tree.
Compose an argument justifying why gambling should be legalized.
Create an easy recipe with pasta as the main ingredient.
Evaluate the effectiveness of an online influence campaign
Design a fitness plan for a beginner who needs to lose weight.
Calculate the cost of a product if the original price is $125 and the discount is 15%.
Briefly explain the importance of supply chain management.
Create a design for an eco-friendly house.
Design an employee recognition program that could be implemented for a company of approximately 500 people.
Name one of the seven notes of the musical scale.
Construct a logic-based argument
Create a list of health benefits of being active.
Create a five day meal plan that follow a vegetarian diet.
Describe how a military dictatorship changes a country.
Generate an analogy to describe a severe storm.
Suggest a topic for a research paper about artificial intelligence.
Explain the meaning of the idiom "turn a blind eye".
Identify 3 methods for reducing stress
List 5 common types of top-level internet domains.
Create a pun about bananas.
Generate a conversation in a natural language like a journalist interviewing an expert on the topic of artificial intelligence.
Name five professions that require higher technical skills
Describe an alien species.
Identify a popular figure in the tech industry who is an example of success.
Describe how a Data Scientist can use a titanic dataset
Given a set of eight numbers (1,2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8), generate a sentence that reflects their order.
Rewrite this sentence in a positive way: "We didn't match the expectations"
Name four properties of sound.
Name a famous entrepreneur and explain why they are successful.
Name a type of musical instrument.
Write an email to a potential client to inquire about their application process.
Generate a new sentence that shows the potential risks of artificial intelligence.
Describe the effects of type 2 diabetes on the body.
Generate a list of potential job requirements for a software engineer role.
Name a person involved in exploring the Atlantic Ocean in the 1400s.
Rewrite the following sentence using a different set of words:  He arrived late for the meeting
Provide five examples of colloquial terms
Name a famous landscape architect.
Describe the characters in the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Compare and contrast the river Nile and river Rhine.
Explain why a successful business must pay attention to customer feedback.
Summarize the academic article "Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Work".
List five interesting facts about giraffes.
Create a blog post of 500 words that focuses on the impact of the coronavirus on small businesses
Find the latitude and longitude of the Statue of Liberty.
Come up with a clever way of baking a cake without using a traditional oven.
Explain the differences between the IaaS, PaaS and SaaS cloud computing models.
Generate a drawing of an abstract artwork
Describe the psychoanalytic approach.
Construct a limerick about robots.
Write a short report about the ethics of collecting data through internet
Suggest a book for a person who wants to learn more about deep learning technology.
Generate a newsletter about the positive effects of exercise on the heart.
Provide three adjectives for a warm day.
Write a script for a 30-second radio ad promoting a student loan repayment program.
Explain the importance of gender equality in the workplace.
Name three factors that influence the development of a healthy personality.
Tell me the ingredients for a great smoothie recipe.
Describe the GPT-3 language model.
Create a riddle using the following word: butterfly.
State one method to reduce the environmental footprint of your household.
Generate questions that will help you determine the person's interests
Create a list of five actionable items to increase efficiency in the workplace.
Construct an argument for why the COVID-19 pandemic acts as a natural experiment for scientists.
Generate 3 example product features related to "Social Media"
Make an essay plan for an essay on the topic "The impact of COVID-19 on Tourism".
Create a list of five questions people should ask themselves to help set goals for the following year.
Outline the steps to apply to college
Which major river runs through Egypt?
Make an list of the five toxic ingredients found in cigarettes.
Categorize the following list as either animals or plants.  Camel,daisy,horse,rose
Write an acrostic poem with the topic of "Friendship"
Create a text analysis algorithm to classify text into various categories.
Compare and contrast democracy and totalitarianism.
Write two facts about the Nile river.
What is the face value of a bond that has a coupon rate of 5%?
Give three examples of an environmental issue.
Recommend a social media platform and explain why.
Give three examples of a type of data visualization.
Name 5 common metrics for evaluating a machine learning model
List out at least 5 stages of grief.
Create three questions related to the spread of viruses.
You are the head of a team and have been asked to provide feedback on a project. Identify three key strengths and weaknesses of the project.
Explain why the mitochondria is an important part of the cell.
Construct a traceability plan.
Describe a conversation between two robots
Generate a letter to your best friend that expresses your feelings of appreciation.
Name a type of fruit that is red.
Name a flower with purple petals and white centers.
Search the web and provide an estimated number of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh.
Create a children’s story about a group of frogs.
How has technology impacted social interactions?
Build a welcome speech for a college graduation ceremony.
Create an example of a nested loop in Python.
Identify the most important natural resources.
What materials would you need to build a computer?
Explain the difference between HTML and CSS.
Name five stalactites found in caves
Write a story that starts with "Once upon a time".
Create an original song title
Explain what data preprocessing is and three steps used in the process.
Write a description of a painting in the style of impressionism.
Generate a sentence that uses the word ‘zephyr’
Categorize the following statement as either a fact or opinion: "Eating too much sugar is unhealthy"
Find three facts about the Civil Rights movement in the United States.
List three goals of AI safety research.
Create a resume for the following person:  John Smith
How do environmental factors influence plant growth?
Create a list of dishes that a vegan person can cook.
Edit this sentence for grammatical correctness: "The disease had enter the bloodstreams"
Identify the type of the following sentence: The children were playing hide-and-seek
Is the following statement true or false: Stonehenge was built in 1700 BC?
Generate a passphrase of 8 words
Give an example of a verb ending in -ed.
Write an article about a new discovery in the field of genetics
Give four adjectives to describe a laptop.
Suggest an item of clothing that would combine style, comfort and practicality.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: "It's supper time an I am hungry".
Identify the verb in the sentence: "He always reads the newspaper".
Construct a timeline of the history of the United States.
Describe an algorithm to capture an elephant without using any traps or weapons.
Generate a poem about love using at least four rhymes.
What is the definition of the literary device "alliteration"?
Suggest 4 questions to ask an AI assistant.
Name three jobs under the creative sector.
Write pseudocode for a Merge Sort algorithm.
Describe an example of ocean acidification.
Try coming up with a sentence using the words 'evil', 'mile', and 'apparent'.
Suggest three careers in the medical field
Describe the 4 fundamentals of Object Oriented Programming
Generate a fun fact about the cuisines of Thailand.
Design a logo for a travel company specializing in luxury trips.
Generate a list of 5 deserts in North America.
Generate a list of 5 things a student should keep in mind when studying for an exam.
Who is the richest man in the world?
Improve this sentence: The cars was parked at the corner
Give an example of a natural language processing use case for an ecommerce website.
Compose a letter to your best friend who has just moved abroad.
Arithmetic exercise. What is the number 16 divided by 4?
How is social media affecting communication?
Generate a valid Python command to create an array holding the numbers from 1 to 5.
Provide a convincing argument for investing in stocks.
Explain how social media can be used to inform better business decisions.
Generate an appropriate response to a customer who asked "Do you have any packs of batteries in stock?".
Write an algorithm that would analyze a given text and extract all the nouns from it.
What is the current top news story in your local area?
Write a research paper on the impact of climate change on the global economy
Formulate a boolean query for finding information about coronavirus.
Print all the prime numbers between 1 and 50.
Construct a query to retrieve the top 3 countries with the highest population.
What authors did Emily Bronte admire?
List 3 possible causes for a bee hive dying
Generate a report about the top 5 performing stocks for the past 5 years.
Create a scientific article about the extinct species, Resplendent Quetzal.
Try to complete the following analogy: Book is to library as ____ is to theater.
Construct a list of questions for an editor to ask a writer in the revision process.
Debate the pros and cons of the proposed soda tax.
Predict the sentiment of this sentence: "This movie was a huge disappointment."
Arrange the following words alphabetically: blue, white, silver, yellow
Write actions you can take to increase your productivity.
Convert the currency conversion rate of USD to CAD.
Identify the difference between a "static" and "dynamic" website.
Name three medical specialties.
Name five songs released in 2005.
List the seven elements of avalid contract
Translate this sentence from English to French: "I ate lunch at noon".
Create an attention-grabbing heading for a blog article about developing your own business
Generate 5 interesting pieces of trivia.
Write a first sentence for a short story.
Generate a sentence that implies the busy life of a college student.
Evaluate the expression "2x+7" for x=2.
Write a joke involving a book.
Estimate how many euros it will cost to buy a flight from Paris to Berlin
Generate three descriptive adjectives that mean 'honest'.
What is the temperature outside?
Provide three suggestions for convincing someone to purchase a product.
What is the definition of "convergence" in mathematics?
Create a paragraph describing the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning.
Explain the term 'cognitive load.'
Describe the steps for creating a new schedule for employees.
Describe how to respond to a customer with a complaint.
What is the result of 651 divided by 13?
Fix this sentence: "I seen an amazing movie last night."
Create a content plan for a blog post about the benefits of using voice recognition technology.
Make a list of five books that deal with climate change.
How many possible outcomes are there when rolling a pair of dice?
Develop a data-driven algorithm to categorize people based on their income levels.
What color is the sky?
Generate a poem that celebrates nature.
List four techniques for data visualization.
Think of a game for two people to play.
Describe a peaceful evening.
Find out which animal has the biggest eyes in the world.
Describe parallelism in writing.
Create a data visualization that shows the trend of global temperature over the last 10 years
Find the zeros of the function: 2x^3 - 4x + 2.
Develop a plan for an online course.
Provide three adjectives to describe the taste of dark chocolate.
Where is Stonehenge located?
Construct a Boolean expression to decide whether a number is divisible by 5.
Generate a creative way to be healthy.
In one sentence, explain the purpose of Big Data.
Imagine you have just purchased a new car. What is the first thing you should do?
Give an example of a situation when I should use discretion.
Find an antonym of ‘abhorrent’
Evaluate "[The book] is interesting" and determine whether it is factual or an opinion.
Generate a list of five daily habits to help become more productive.
Describe an example of how art can express a political opinion.
Identify two reasons for the growth of technology.
Advise someone on how to de-stress.
Discuss the significance of the following phrase: "it takes a village."
Write two original limericks.
List 10 commands to install Node.js on Linux
Comment on the following statement: "Teachers should be strict with their students".
Summarize the effect of climate change on wildlife
Generate a list of 5 activities to keep kids occupied
Think of a word that captures the idea of "unpleasant surprise"
Drill a hole in the wall.
Generate an equivalent metaphor for "make hay while the sun shines".
Imagine you have to design a website for a luxury hotel. Write a list of tasks you would need to accomplish.
Generate a list of 5 items that I need to pack for a vacation.
Create a script to ask a customer for feedback.
Create a character description for a protagonist named Peter
Create a list of three mistakes to avoid when designing an AI assistant.
Compare the philosophies of Immanuel Kant and Friedrich Nietzsche.
List some famous artists from the Baroque period.
Create a descriptive adjective that rhymes with "high".
Generate a list of items to bring to the beach in the summer.
Outline the events of the following movie: The Great Gatsby.
Identify significant events that happened in 2019.
Explain the objectives of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change
What is the best way to clean a coffee maker?
Execute a Google search for the top five Fast and Furious movies.
Compose a limerick that follows a rhyme scheme of AABBA.
Provide the steps to check a car engine.
Suggest a way to organize data for the following case: Customer records for the past year.
What is the average distance from the earth to the moon?
List three different facts about Pandas.
Generate a list of items necessary to go camping.
Generate a beat or a rhythm.
List some safety tips when swimming in open water.
What is the most essential skill to have for a project manager?
Provide a list of activities for a three year old during a 6-hour plane ride.
Explain the concept of predictive analytics.
Write a persuasive essay on why public transportation should be used more.
Create a dialogue between two people discussing the ethics behind animal testing
Add at least five similes to the following sentence: The leaves flew all around
Identify and explain two major challenges facing the agriculture industry in developing countries.
What are the applicable taxes for large businesses in Canada?
Name five questions someone might ask before starting a business.
Find the equivalent Celsius temperature of the Fahrenheit temperature 80 degrees
Create a question that an interviewee might ask during a job interview.
Generate a tweet about the upcomming climate change summit.
Get creative! Design a creative concept for a new company
Tell me what is meant by the term ‘recursion’
Identify four items related to the following category: camping gear
Explain why the US has a two-party system.
Tell what type of sentence "I am here" is
What is the binomial nomenclature of the barn owl?
Create a 3-5 sentence story involving a fox, a dog and a rabbit.
Create a diary entry for August 2022.
Answer the following multiple choice question.  Q. Who wrote the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"? A. Mark Twain B. Harper Lee C. Charles Dickens D. Ernest Hemingway
Generate a script for a 10-second commercial advertising a new car.
Describe the primary benefit of using a social media marketing strategy.
Create a code of ethics based on the following values: honesty, respect, fairness and transparency.
Explain what polynomials are.
Name a species of reptile.
Summarize the synopsis of the movie Avengers: Infinity War.
Name some transition words in English.
Describe how to create a pie chart.
What is another term for a weekly time period?
Determine the chemical symbol of silver.
What are the main differences between top-down and bottom-up design approaches?
Name one benefit of setting up a 401 (k) plan.
Describe the four elements of a marketing mix.
Compose a short two-stanza poem featuring the words "leaves" and "clouds".
Write a 100-word description of a bustling city street scene.
Name three natural elements.
Generate a meme using the phrase "fashionably late".
Suggest an educational field trip for children
Take the input and provide a definition for the word "ecology".
Generate a new outfit for a Friday night out.
Find the definition of "Collaborative Filtering".
Create a team name that includes the word "Lightning"
What programming language should I use to develop an AI chatbot?
Give an example of data to support the following statement: "More people are getting vaccinated."
Describe what you would see if you went to the Grand Canyon.
Brainstorm three ideas for a new website that would provide valuable new services to people.
Make a table of the top 10 fastest animals
What three ingredients do you need to make a quesadilla?
Create a flashcard that explains the concept of friction.
Generate a description of a dream that a character might have.
What can you do to make money in college
Write down three principles of object-oriented programming.
Explain the difference between problem-solving and decision-making
Name all the notes within an octave(including sharps & flats).
Name the elements in the third period of the periodic table
Generate a short fiction story about a family of three.
Consider the following statement: "Cats are better than dogs". Edit it in the most creative way possible.
List five features of the Amazon Kindle e-reader.
Come up with a fun exercise activity.
Generate a list of two security risks of cloud computing.
Design a logo that conveys the brand name ‘Jetsetter’.
Name three differences between mammals and reptiles.
Create a scientific question about climate change.
Come up with two creative ways to use the phrase “the cat's out of the bag”.
Translate the following sentence into French:  "I have three cats."
Create a list of breakfast items that require little preparation time.
What is the name of the idea that humans are driven by a desire to maximize pleasure and avoid pain?
Offer three possible solutions for reducing air pollution.
How do I make an omelette?
What is an analogy for life?
Discuss the environmental and health impacts of deforestation.
Name a public figure who has made an impact in the world of quantum computing.
Describe how you solved a complex problem.
Generate a proverb based on the word "envy".
Create a relatable analogy for the concept of evolution.
Generate an algorithm for a sorting machine.
Given a website, identify potential elements that you may want to improve.
Give an example of a type of wild animal that inhabits the Arctic.
Find the last five digits of 370 ^ 11
Write a short story (less than 500 words)
Suggest advice to someone who is trying to quit smoking.
Create an outline for a persuasive essay on why people should not text while driving.
